who is arya stark's wife?
who escaped the persecution of house stark?
what is arya trained as at the house of black and white in braavos?
who was the faceless man in braavos?
what male line does arya exterminate after returning to westeros?
who is the half-brother of arya's half-brother?
where did arya return to?
who manipulated arya's half-brother?
when did arya kill the night king?
who killed cersei lannister?
who destroys king's landing?
who convinces arya to abandon her quest for vengeance?
who is chosen as king in westeros?
what does arya decide to leave westeros after bidding farewell to her siblings?
who is the youngest daughter of lady catelyn and lord ned stark?
who are arya stark's daughters?
who is arya's bastard half-brother?
who is arya's older sister?
who rejects the notion that she must become a lady and marry for influence and power?
what does arya believe she can do?
what is arya bored by?
who does arya take after?
who is arya close to?
who taught arya how to sew?
what does bran, jon, and robb practice in the courtyard with their father?
how does arya annoy bran?
what does bran chase arya as their family chases?
what happens to arya when she joins the receiving line in the courtyard?
who overheards arya when she asks sansa where the imp is?
what does arya test at the feast?
what does robert name arya's father?
what is arya's name after a great warrior-queen of essos?
what does arya receive as a gift from jon?
what does arya name as a play on words that she may now enjoy doing needlework?
who is the son of the butcher in the king's retinue?
who spot nymeria fighting?
who threatens arya with a sword?
what does arya drive nymeria off with so she won't be punished?
where is arya's father located?
what does arya call her a?
what did arya join her sister in?
what does arya break down into after seeing that the queen's order will be carried out?
what bodyguard murdered mycah?
who does arya and sansa meet?
what do arya see in the red keep?
who brought his army across the narrow sea with the targaryen exiles?
what happens to arya after he overhears varys and illyrio mopatis?
who is arya's father?
what are the starks and lannisters?
who is the recruiter for the night's watch?
what is arya mistaken for?
what happened to arya while fighting jaime?
who teaches arya how to ignore jory's troubles to focus on fighting?
how are sansa and arya both?
what does sansa feel is nothing compared to breaking her betrothal to joffrey?
what does eddard say he will choose another man for her to marry?
what type of lion does sansa want to have?
what interjection did arya assert that he will be a stag like his father?
what is the name of the heir to the throne?
who admits that her children were fathered by her brother jaime?
what is the name of the man who kills the king when he is hunting?
who have eddard arrested and send guards to take arya into custody while she is training with syrio?
what does eddard instruct arya to do while he faces down the guards himself?
what is the name of the kingsguard?
where does arya go first?
who finds arya's sword in the bottom of her luggage?
what happens to arya as he comes at her?
who does arya run away to find her way out of the castle?
what show will arya pose as a fresh recruit for?
what does the night's watch tell arya to do?
who bullied arya?
who steps up to defend arya?
where does the entire group depart?
who is one of the prisoners in the wagon?
what happens when he is a murderer from the black cells of the dungeons?
who are the two murderers who threaten arya and gendry?
who sees through arya's disguise?
what does yoren intimidate the gold cloaks?
who does arya confess to?
who was arya obsessed with?
what did yoren have to take the black?
who helped the gold cloaks return?
who did yoren die heroically?
where does a fire start during the skirmish?
what does arya save the gold cloaks?
who steals needle from arya?
who does arya convince that he killed gendry?
where does ser amory take his captives?
who chooses one of ser amory's prisoners to be tortured by the tickler?
who returns to harrenhal and halts the ordeal?
lord tywin lannister criticizes gregor for what?
what does lord tywin lannister realize arya is?
what did lord tywin lannister believe arya was a girl posing as a boy?
what does tywin make arya his?
what does tywin stop arya?
what does tywin realise that arya is from the riverlands?
what is arya's first lie that she is from?
what does arya repeat upon being questioned about the northerners' opinions of her brother, robb stark?
what does tywin ask her if she believes he is invulnerable?
who is now a lannister man-at-arms?
how many deaths does jaqen owe to her?
who is found dead in the courtyard by tywin lannister?
where is the tickler found?
what does arya do to jaqen to signify his responsibility?
what did arya learn to read when she read a letter?
what does arya distract by reading a letter?
how many of tywin's men were killed?
who is responsible for the assassination of lord tywin?
what war did tywin discuss the importance of legacy and the destruction of harrenhal?
what heightened tywin's suspicions?
where does tywin drive robb's armies from?
who does arya name to drive robb's armies from the westerlands?
who is jaqen's last target to protect robb?
what does jaqen do when he returns from patrol?
where do arya, hot pie, and gendry continue to travel?
where are arya, hot pie and gendry taken to?
who spots arya and reveals her true identity?
who is arya taken to at their hideout in the riverlands?
who accuses clegane of murdering mycah?
who resurrected dondarrion?
who is declared innocent and released to arya's disgust?
who did arya ask gendry for repairing?
what does gendry want to do to protect the smallfolk and join the brotherhood?
what would arya be if he goes with her?
what does melisandre anticipate?
who is melisandre's target?
how many sacks of gold did melisandre give to the brotherhood?
what does melisandre call arya?
what does melisandre look into arya's eyes?
what does melisandre see in her eyes?
what does melisandre tell arya that they will meet again?
what is the only true god arya believes in?
what does arya angrily call the lannister soldiers out on?
what happens if arya fails to hit him and kill him?
what is the name of the horse that arya sits with?
what does sandor say about arya?
what river does arya initially think of the hound?
what is the name of the river that arya initially thinks arya is taking her back to king's landing?
who will marry arya and the hound at the twins?
what did sandor tell arya that if she was not so busy trying to bash his skull in?
what does arya hide as the hound spurs the horse to a gallop?
sandor punches the hog farmer and what happens to him?
what blow blows arya to the head?
where does arya gaze toward?
what is arya afraid of?
what was the name of sandor's flaming sword?
what is sandor's name?
what does sandor tell a frey guard they have for the wedding feast?
where does arya run away from sandor?
who kills the stark men?
how many crossbowmen come out of the castle?
what does sandor say is too late to enter the castle?
what did sandor realize that any attempt to intervene at this point would be?
what was the head of the mutilated corpse attached to arya's brother's body?
what army is massacred during the red wedding?
who's body was sewed on grey wind's head?
what horse does arya dismount from sandor?
what does sandor want to do to arya?
what does sandor do when she drops the braavosi coin?
what does sandor ask arya?
who whispers to arya about the braavosi coin?
who is arya's aunt?
what does arya want to do for her to stay a distance away from the hound?
what does the hound argue that giving arya a horse would provide her with the chance to escape?
who turns hostile when arya and polliver are in the tavern?
what does arya put a sword through the hound?
what does polliver say to lommy before he killed him?
what will arya do to polliver?
what happens to polliver as polliver realizes who she is?
what do the hound and arya stop to do?
where does arya take her to?
what group does arya say he might join?
who asks the hound what they are doing on his lands?
what is the name of the soldier that arya makes up a story about the hound being a soldier for?
what does arya wake up to the next morning?
what has arya beaten the farmer and taken his silver?
how many kingdoms is arya the worst shit?
who will not survive this winter?
what happens when arya recites her list?
what does the hound tell arya to do after a while?
what does arya say she can't go to sleep without saying all of the names?
who asks arya if she is going to name every person in westeros?
what does the hound say is as good as any motivation to keep a person going?
how many names would the hound cross from their death lists?
what would arya tell his brother to do if the mountain was at their camp?
what does the hound tell arya to do?
how many names has arya left to finish her death list?
sandor addresses his wounds from whom?
why is sandor rebuffed?
what caused sandor's facial scars?
what does arya offer to arya?
who informs arya and sandor of lysa arryn's death?
which two men encounter brienne of when arya and sandor leave the eyrie?
who did arya stark wear to to find and protect?
what is a gift from jaime?
what do brienne and sandor believe they should be the one to watch over arya?
where did brienne knock sandor down?
what does arya do instead of going with brienne and pod?
where is ternesio terys going?
what ship does ternesio terys offer her a cabin aboard?
where is arya shown?
where does arya arrive?
who would wake and protect braavos whenever braavos stood in danger in the old times?
what is arya's response to the titan?
who lets out a loud blast announcing their arrival?
where does terys row arya to?
what happens when the man from the house of black and white appears again behind arya?
where did arya return to the house of black and white?
what does arya tell jaqen when she leaves to pray?
who recites the phrase that means all men must serve?
how many men take arya's body away?
who accosted arya?
what weapon did the waif use to attack the waif?
what does arya need to do to meet the order's initiation requirements?
when arya is sweeping the floor, jaqen escorts arya to an inner chamber where she is to help the
what does the waif do when arya asks?
when does the waif tell arya that she will know what?
what does arya want to do?
what did the waif tell arya she tried playing the game of faces?
what does arya ask arya when she is about to walk away?
how did the waif try to poison arya?
who did the waif seek out to exact arya's revenge?
what does the waif say arya must be able to do to pass the game of faces?
what is jaqen able to tell when arya is lying?
what does jaqen h'ghar say to arya?
where were all the faces taken from?
what does jaqen h'ghar ask arya if she is ready to do?
what does jaqen h'ghar say arya is ready to become?
who is arya posing as?
who is arya distracted by before the assassination?
who does meryn trant guard on his way to the iron bank?
what is the name of the brothel that arya follows to?
what does meryn trant prefer?
what happens to the first two of trant's beatings?
what does trant do to the third girl?
what did arya tease meryn trant about?
what does arya assume about meryn trant?
what happens to meryn trant?
what is arya's punishment for stealing from the many-faced god?
who caught arya's punishment for stealing from the many-faced god?
how many faces does arya remove from jaqen's body?
what color does arya's eyes fill over with as she is rendered blind as punishment?
what does arya fight the waif?
what happened to arya after overhearing two passing citizens?
what is the name of the stick arya fights and loses another sparring match against the waif?
who does the waif leave arya?
what happens between arya and the waif?
what does jaqen drink to arya?
what actress is arya tasked with killing?
who is jealous of lady crane?
what does arya poison after watching the bloody hand?
what does the cersei character's response to the death of her son include?
what does crane do after asking arya if she likes pretending to be others?
what did arya abandon her goal of becoming?
who stabs arya?
where does lady crane collapse from her injuries?
where does lady crane take arya to?
what does lady crane take to relieve arya's pain?
where does arya find herself after scurrying the back-alleys of braavos?
how do arya's wounds become undone?
what does arya start by confronting needle?
where does arya remove her face?
where does jaqen return to?
who was the cause of the deaths of black walder rivers and lame lothar frey?
who does arya serve as a serving girl?
what does arya do after she reveals her true identity?
who killed house frey's sons?
what did arya give her audience after poisoning house frey's sons?
what does arya refuse to let any of the women partake?
what was the name of the infamous frey wedding?
what do the frey sons begin to do?
who is walder's wife?
what does a small convoy of lannister soldiers get arya attention with?
what do lannister soldiers offer arya?
arya chooses her home instead of what?
who can prove arya stark's identity?
what does the guards tell arya that there is nobody by the names at winterfell?
who is arya's sister?
what do the guards try to brush arya stark aside?
what are the guards concerned about arya stark?
what happens to arya stark as soon as they take their eyes off her?
where does arya look over their father's grave?
what is the first thing that has happened to arya and sansa in the past few years?
what does sansa lady stark insist on?
what does sansa lady stark do?
what do arya and arya look sadly on?
what does arya say about jon and arya?
what does sansa acknowledge?
what does arya point out about jon and arya?
what did sansa explain to arya about joffrey?
what did arya say he was at the top of her list?
what did arya say she was keeping a list of everyone she was going to kill?
what did sansa only say about arya's road?
what did sansa say her road wasn't?
what did sansa say they did to arya?
who is home to arya?
who does sansa not mention?
what is arya saddened to see?
where did bran see arya?
what does sansa say bran is having?
why is arya still disinterested in the valyrian steel dagger?
what type of steel does arya think a cutthroat would have?
who did bran say wanted to kill arya?
what does bran say arya can have?
where are the three trueborn stark children reunited?
who knocks brienne down when he overextends himself?
who watch on silently from the walkway above?
what training did syrio forel use to help arya outmaneuver brienne?
what kind of openings does arya achieve if she wanted them to be?
what happens to a sparring session with arya?
what kind of dagger did arya switch to in her belt?
what is arya's position as a noblewoman?
what does arya do to brienne?
what does each of brienne's arms hold at the other's throat?
who watched arya's duel with brienne?
who did sansa address over their concerns with jon's absence?
when did the vale come to sansa's aid?
who did sansa remind her sister that they need to work together in order to survive?
where does littlefinger hide a rolled parchment inside sansa's mattress?
who planted the letter on purpose to manipulate arya?
what did arya discover about her father's death?
where did arya watch her sister's letter from the balcony?
who did arya and sansa's brothers finish training with?
what did sansa insist she was forced to write?
what did arya call her stupid for?
what statue did arya see from?
what did littlefinger suggest sansa use to protect her from arya?
what do baelish's attempts to manipulate the situation turn to when arya moves in and slits his throat with his own
who discuss their pasts?
what does sansa think arya could have?
what are the strengths of arya and sansa?
what is arya fascinated by when drogon and rhaegal fly overhead?
what does arya tell gendry to do?
what does the hound call arya?
who does gendry agree with?
who does arya shoot back that gendry doesn't know any other highborn girls?
what has the army of the dead taken?
what does arya tell gendry to do before asking him what was fighting the wights like?
what does gendry say about the wights?
what does gendry say the wights are like?
what does arya stand for?
what is the weapon arya receives from gendry?
what ritual does arya tell her about?
what did arya force gendry to admit his parentage as?
what does gendry admit to being intimate with melisandre?
why does arya want to know the feeling of physical love before she does?
what does arya do to gendry?
who is arya waiting for?
what does arya say to sansa?
what does arya shoot at the wights?
who couldn't light the trench as planned?
who gives the living some moment of reprieve?
who does arya fight on the ramparts of winterfell?
who is surprised by arya's ability to kill off many wights?
who knocked arya into a doorway?
what does arya feel about the gash at the side of her head?
what does arya take as she traverses through the corridors?
what does arya hide from?
where does arya hide from the wights?
what does arya throw a book into an area of the room away from the exit?
what is arya's relief?
where does arya appear when a wight tackles her?
what does beric throw into arya's doorway?
how is beric stabbed in the leg while the hound fights more wights?
where does beric pin a wight to?
what does arya pick up to kill the wights hurting arya?
what did melisandre say beric had fulfilled?
who said that beric would meet again?
what did melisandre say to arya?
what color does melisandre remind arya of her destiny?
what does melisandre do to arya?
what does melisandre say to?
who was the acolyte of the faceless men?
what do the faceless men share before arya leaves her and the hound?
who arrives to the godswood after his army cleared the path for him?
what did the night king shatter into?
why does arya refuse to marry westeros?
when the meeting is adjourned, what happens to arya and sansa?
what does arya say they'll never know daenerys because she's not one of them?
what does arya say they can't only trust the people they grew up with?
what is arya's brother?
what is jon's brother's name?
what did jon swear about daenerys' heritage?
who departs winterfell?
who asks why arya was leaving winterfell?
what two men intend to seek revenge on?
where do the two arrive the night before battle is set to begin?
who stops arya and sandor?
what does sandor do to arya?
what does sandor call arya for the first time?
what kind of flames does arya escape?
how is arya unable to help anyone?
when is the battle of king's landing over?
who is involved in the trial of daenerys?
who agrees with the idea of unsullied doing what they want with jon?
who should choose their new king or queen?
what does arya withhold at the meeting?
where does arya depart?
what social expectations are arya unconstrained by?
what does arya make others smile?
when she watches her pet, sword instructor, friends, and family members taken from her one by one, what happens to her?
when she witnesses and learns of the betrayal and murder of her family at the red wedding, what happens to her?
what did arya not attempt to hide her glee over slitting walder frey's throat?
what has arya shown to be willing to use to worsen her enemies fate?
who did polliver gouge the eyes of before stabbing him?
what does arya choose to do against her enemies after learning that her family has retaken winterfell?
what does arya prefer?
why did arya not actively speak out against daenerys?
what does arya withhold during the council meeting to elect the next monarch?
what does all of this speak to?
what does arya's list contain?
who was never included in arya's kill list?
who was roose bolton's son?
who did arya not include for taking winterfell in the first place?
who was the executioner who beheaded her father?
what type of cancer did ilyn payne develop after season 2?
what role does maisie williams play arya?
what is maisie williams's position in the books?
who would be outraged if she didn't play arya left-handed?
who wore large, millimeter-wide contact lenses?
how can arya see her eyes?
when arya is blinded, how did she see her eyes?
who told williams to use the blinding-contacts from the start?
when did williams explain that the true blindness contacts were only used?
what kind of holes did williams switch to when she was blind?
what were the times when williams is moving around and wearing the alternate contacts she can actually see through?
who was a stunt double for maisie williams in the role of arya stark?
how is arya portrayed in the a song of ice and fire novels?
how does arya lose her humanity?
how old is arya when king robert arrives at winterfell?
who does arya want to learn how to fight with a sword and ride horses?
who stole arya's real sister?
what did jon assure arya that she is?
what is arya's long face called by her sister and her sister's friends?
what is arya known as by the winterfell staff?
what is arya underfoot in the tv series?
what did arya do in the novels?
what is something that yoren starts doing on her own?
who told yoren that lord eddard was to be given mercy, allowed to take the black, and would be traveling back with him to the wall
what did joffrey respond to when he said something must have gone wrong?
what role does tywin serve in season of the tv series?
where was arya's storyline at?
what is arya exposed to on a regular basis after being captured by ser gregor clegane's men?
who beats arya?
what is the name of the man-at-arms for gregor clegane?
who are not killed by jaqen h'ghar?
why does arya leave harrenhal?
who died in the fall of arya bolton?
who is a sellsword for arya?
where does arya pray to the old gods?
what do the guards ride away from harrenhal?
who was declared the new king in the north?
what is arya normally not referred to as?
what does robb, catelyn, and the freys refer to arya as when brokering their marriage-alliance?
what does elmar try to do to arya?
how many of arya's brothers are dead?
what happens when arya responds derisively?
who has been acting as an envoy ferrying peace terms between robb and tyrion lannister?
who did catelyn release in the hope that her last daughter can be returned to her?
what map does hot pie use to guide them through the riverlands?
what is the promise of the brotherhood without banners?
what does arya try to do with the brotherhood without banners?
who is the former member of the stark household guard?
who remains at the inn?
what does arya describe gendry as?
what is the relationship between arya and gendry?
who offers to have sex with gendry?
who shows interest in arya?
when does a love song appear in the series?
who is arya pained when he chooses to stay behind with?
when does another member of the brotherhood capture the hound?
where is beric hiding?
what does beric do to the hound?
what does arya feel is allowed to go free even though he is guilty?
what does the hound do after they leave the hollow hill to take arya to riverrun?
what kind of child does the ghost of high heart look at arya?
what is the name of the wolf child?
what do you think you are to come to my hill?
where did arya gorge on grief?
what kind of heart does arya have?
what does arya wonder if the woman is mad?
what does arya wonder if the woman is?
who sees that catelyn isn't at riverrun?
who does the brotherhood plan to take arya to?
when does the hound plan to get catelyn to the twins?
who attacks the northerners before they can get very far?
what does the hound do to catelyn?
what does the hound refuse to do when catelyn wakes?
what does arya go into when she finds catelyn's body in nymeria?
who do arya and the hound encounter in the novels?
what do arya and the hound fight at the crossroads inn?
what happens to the hound during the fight?
what does arya refuse to give him a merciful death?
what does arya do not take?
where does arya ride to to find a ship that will take her to jon at the wall?
what can arya only identify as in a feast for crows?
what must arya be at all times and in all things?
what can arya find?
what does arya insist on?
what does needle do to arya?
what two cooks do arya spend time with?
what is the name of the fishmonger arya works for?
what name does arya try to use during her first tasks?
what language does brusco learn to master?
what do brusco tell the kindly man three new things she learned?
what do brusco's daughters note about her wolf dreams?
what was arya's job as?
what is arya indifferent to hear about her aunt's death?
who saves arya from two bullies?
who announces that he plans to make a life for himself in braavos?
why does arya dissociate herself from her past?
what does the kindly man give arya?
who gives arya her first assignment to kill the old insurance seller?
what is arya uncertain about?
what does the kindly man do to arya?
where does the kindly man order arya to begin her first apprenticeship?
what is the reason arya is not ordered to kill any of the actors?
who is the new identity of the kindly man?
who does arya notice while she is there?
who is forced by the lannisters to pose as arya?
what does jon do as a member of the night's watch?
who does melisandre send to save arya?
what does jon try to find to foster arya across the sea?
what is jon's closest relationship to arya?
what letter does ramsay send to jon?
where does jon decide to rescue arya from the boltons?
who does melisandre not add to her list?
what type of portrayal did arya lose her humanity?
what did arya realize was the duel between beric and the hound?
who does arya murder people who have not done her, her family or friends any ill?
what has arya become?
what does arya seem to care about?
who was eddard's maternal grandmother?
what clan did the main novels mention that eddard's grandmother was from?
what type of folk are winterfell?
what clan is located just off the northwest coast?
who joins the clans in his military campaign against the ironborn and the boltons?
how many novels is arya the only character to have pov chapters in?
what percentage of disney's star daenery targaryenrhaegar targaryenarya starksansa star
who is the warden of the north?
what is one of the constituent regions of the seven kingdoms?
who executed brandon?
what is bran's name when he has done something wrong?
what is bran's favorite hobby?
under whom does bran practice archery?
what is the name of the assassin who attempts to kill bran?
at what end of bran's bed does summer stand guard?
what is the name of sansa's direwolf?
who did old nan tell bran about the winter?
what does bran say he would rather be dead to?
who is confident that tyrion's saddle will work?
what does luwin suggest bran could learn to use a shortbow from?
what injured robert baratheon while hunting in a drunken state?
what does bran say to robb when he leads the stark armies to war?
who is the servant of winterfell?
what is the name of osha's dream?
what does bran taunt osha about?
what is the name of bran's deceased relatives?
who was in bran's dream?
who are the names of bran's relatives?
who go back to the surface and try to soothe bran's worries about his father?
what is the name of bran's dream as he sees his reflection in the godswood?
what is the name of the wolf above bran?
what does bran say about the return of dragons to the world?
what is the name of summer's dream?
what does summer see himself awakening?
what did maester luwin say he once heard of?
what does bran sit at the high table as?
who is the lord of winterfell?
what does ser rodrik cassel do to winterfell?
what has been besieged by ser rodrik?
who does bran surrender winterfell to?
what does theon tell bran that he has seized winterfell?
what does theon say bran reluctantly complies with?
who is captured on his return from torrhen's square?
why is theon forced to execute winterfell?
what does theon carry out?
how many charred corpses did bran and rickon return to winterfell?
who are the two orphan boys that bran and rickon had previously assigned to assist a shepherd?
who does bran make a tearful farewell to?
what does bran dream about?
what does bran try to shoot?
who does bran awaken for a moment?
what does osha say they have enough problems without?
who is bran's sister?
what is the rare gift of seeing the past and present through his dreams?
what does jojen advise bran to follow?
who does bran solve a dispute between osha and meera reed?
what does jojen reed experience while sleeping?
what story did bran and jojen listen to?
what happened to osha?
what does the group notice after seeking shelter in a derelict windmill?
what sounds terrify hodor?
what does jojen tell hodor?
what does bran use his warg powers to render hodor unconscious?
where does jojen convince bran to skinchange?
who is a loyal bannerman of the starks?
who does bran bid a tearful farewell to?
what castle is rumored to be haunted?
who tells sam that they are going beyond the wall?
what secret does sam show to the white walkers?
who did bran pass beyond the wall?
what tree does bran skinchange with?
what angers bran?
what do they warn bran that if he stays in the wolf too long, he will stay in summer permanently and lose everything he has
what does bran tell the others that he knows?
where is bran held?
what sounds do bran and his companions hear?
what does bran find in summer's mind?
what trap does summer catch before he can free ghost?
who is the prisoner for summer and ghost?
who threatens to kill hodor?
what does bran decide to do to fulfill his destiny?
who searches for bran and attempts to escape the keep with bran?
what do bran try to do to get his attention?
what does bran prepare to do if he goes with jon back to castle black?
why is jojen fatally stabbed?
who leads the group into a cave after burning jojen's body when she dies?
what does child of the forest explain?
what did meera say about jojen?
who asks how he knows jojen?
what does the raven tell bran that he did not want anyone to die for him?
what did the raven say jojen died?
what does bran ask the raven to do to jojen?
what does the raven say bran will never walk again?
what happens when sansa asks if he knows where they might have gone to?
what does sansa feel about the revelation that bran and rickon are still alive?
what is the name of the name of the three-eyed raven who visits winterfell in the past?
who was bran's father ned and his uncle benjen stark?
what is the name of the stable boy hodor used to be before he became simpleton?
what does the three-eyed raven warn bran about?
where does bran remind meera that she was having trouble coping with the loss of jojen?
who tells meera of bran's importance to bran's future?
where did bran and the three-eyed raven view the events that unfolded towards the end of robert's rebellion?
who is one of ned stark's bannermen?
which two kingsguards guard the tower of joy?
how many men are duel at the tower of joy?
who defeats nearly all of ned's retainers?
what did bran feel about the stories he heard?
what is the name of the sword that ned partially decapitated?
what is the name of the woman screamed from the tower?
why does ned stop to look around?
who brings both ned and bran out of the past?
how many years ago did bran and the three-eyed raven witness the creation of the first white walker?
why did leaf confess to the revelation?
what culture did bran recall that made the white walkers a necessary action?
what does bran connect with without the consent of the raven?
what is benjen still caught in visions about?
who is able to kill all the wights?
what is the name of bran's uncle?
who stopped benjen from becoming a wight?
what happens to bran and meera?
what do bran and meera leave by the weirwood?
how does bran see the weirwood?
who implored ned to protect him from?
who led the men of the night's watch?
what tree did the white walkers see from the night's watch?
where does jon leave winterfell?
where do sansa and bran talk by the weirwood tree?
who did bran tell sansa about her white wedding dress when she married?
who made bran's wheelchair?
what was the name of the assassin that petyr responds to?
what does bran say to varys after thwarting his plan to marry sansa to loras tyrell?
what does petyr say to bran?
where does bran ask if she is leaving?
where are the ravens dangerously close to?
who spots bran and dispels the warged ravens?
who was bran's former childhood friend?
who did the high septon secretly annul rhaegar's marriage to?
what was based on a lie?
what is jon's name?
who greet bran when they return to the north?
what does bran say he is not angry, much to jaime's astonishment?
which council votes bran as king of the six kingdoms?
who does tyrion convince to let the new king of the seven kingdoms decide jon's fate?
why does tyrion believe bran should be king?
why does tyrion ask bran to lead the seven kingdoms to the best of his abilities?
what does bran ask if they have heard where drogon went?
what does drogon decide to look for when they are unable to give a satisfying answer?
what type of boy did bran have before his fall?
what was the main reason for bran's fall?
what did bran turn towards after his fall?
what type of nature did bran have?
what did bran love as much as he did climbing?
when robb left to fight tywin, what was the name of bran's role?
what was one of the first things bran pressed about when he reached the three-eyed raven?
what does bran feel about the prospect of returning to the real world?
what did bran realize he was responsible for in the first place?
what battle has bran's powers taken since?
what has bran become to a fault?
who did bran have a conversation with during the battle at the cave of the three-eyed raven?
who were secretly married to bran?
who is one of the most powerful human magic users in game of thrones?
what game has bran stark shown himself to be one of the most powerful human magic users?
what is the name of the video wargs and the sight on the season blu-ray?
what season does bran stark not appear in?
who explained that bran stark caught up with his material from the most recent book?
what type of hair does bran have on a song of ice and fire?
who did robert baratheon spar with when bran visits winterfell?
who does catelyn pray to to keep bran from leaving winterfell?
who shoved bran out of a tower window?
what is the name of the three-eyed crow in the series?
what does bran see in a coma after the fall?
what does bran learn about when he wakes from his coma?
which two men were to their graves?
who struggles to take on robb's role as lord?
what does bran learn about robb?
what does bran's second novel focus on?
who is responsible for the decision making of winterfell?
what is held at the castle now that autumn has begun?
who reaffirm the crannogman's oath of fealty to house stark?
what does jojen share with bran?
when are the reeds introduced?
what is one of jojen's visions?
where is rodrik distracted by the attack on winterfell?
who is a winterfell prisoner who served the presumed dead ramsay snow?
who helped the reeds escape from winterfell?
what do the reeds end up circling back to hide in the castle's crypts?
who sacks winterfell and takes theon prisoner?
what is the name of the dying person in the godswood?
what does theon advise the reeds to split bran and rickon up for?
what book does bran spend traveling to the wall with the reeds?
where do the reeds come upon a man who seems to recognize who bran is due to his direwolf and paralysis?
what do the children see jon fighting below them?
what do the children see jon fighting wildlings below them?
who instructed sam and gilly to send bran and his party through the wall to meet him on the other side?
what is the name of the paraplegic man accompanied by?
where does sam bring the wildlings to?
how many times does sam swear that he will not tell anyone about meeting bran?
what does the body of the three-eyed crow have?
what is the answer to the three-eyed crow?
who helps the children to the other side without his instruction while they make their way to the cave on their own?
who is the lord of the seven kingdoms?
who was the daughter of lord?
who were the bastard children of jaime lannister?
what was the name of cersei?
what was the last monarch to sit on?
who was cersei's wife?
where was cersei raised?
what was cersei known for?
when did cersei's mother die?
where did cersei have other partners?
who did cersei hope she would marry?
what was melara's desire to marry?
what did cersei reveal to her that she would be cast down by another, younger and more beautiful queen?
when was cersei married to king robert baratheon?
what did cersei refuse to have the body taken from her?
what did cersei's feelings for robert turn to?
who was the hand of the king?
what does queen cersei believe jaime could be the next hand?
who is cersei's best friend?
who accompany cersei?
who is the former betrothed?
what do cersei and catelyn stark exchange?
who do cersei and jaime go hunting?
where do cersei and jaime liaise?
what does bran stark find cersei and jaime engaged in?
who caught bran stark?
what does jaime feign bran with?
how old is bran?
how many times does bran respond to bran?
what did cersei note about bran?
who laugh when tyrion tells his family what he plans to do while at the wall?
what was the cause of the death of catelyn's first child?
what did cersei and robert say were grief-stricken?
who was the cause of the incident between cersei and eddard?
what does cersei insist must be killed?
what is the name of the wolf that cersei has killed when nymeria cannot be found?
when does cersei tell joffrey that the truth will be whatever he decides it will be?
how much will he force the starks to contribute to a standing army?
what does cersei believe the north is to be militarily conquered by outsiders?
what does cersei believe he will need to be as king?
who embarrasses cersei?
who does cersei visit at his chambers?
what did cersei tell robert that at the start of their marriage?
who do cersei and robert visit as he recovers from wounds sustained fighting jaime and his guards?
what does eddard do to cersei?
what does eddard hit cersei?
who confronts cersei and tells her he knows her children are fathered by jaime?
what does neddard say cersei and her brother belong together?
what did cersei whisper on their wedding night?
what does cersei tell ned?
what role does cersei serve as following robert's death?
who is robert's name?
who tries to reveal the truth with eddard?
who is killed by eddard?
what does the letter backfire as it encourages robb to raise an army and march into the riverlands to confront the lannister armies?
in what court does cersei encourage sansa to make a new plea to joffrey for her father's life?
who 'confesses' ned's crimes?
who is the royal executioner?
what did cersei attempt to secure her son's hold on?
who was lancel's cousin?
what does cersei order the gates barred to prevent further refugees from entering the city?
what does cersei do when she slap him?
what do cersei order to have no rival claimants in case his true parentage is revealed?
who refuses a request for aid from the night's watch?
who is the commander of the city watch?
what did cersei confront him for?
what is tyrion upset at?
what was tyrion's finest joke about her relationship with jaime?
what does pycelle inform cersei of tyrion's plans to marry myrcella into?
what did pycelle do to cersei?
at what battle did robb stark win a major victory?
who does cersei want to release?
who is pycelle's cousin?
when does lancel arrive?
who was killed in the death of cersei?
who has assumed control of renly's army?
who is cersei irate about?
what guild is cersei relying on to supply wildfire?
how often does tyrion threaten to deprive myrcella of someone he loves?
what is the name of the starving crowd in the red keep?
what does tyrion do to the lannister guards?
what does cersei offer sansa advice on?
what does love make you?
what does cersei fear is the price for joffrey's sins?
what is joffrey keen to fight in?
what necklace did tyrion give her?
what does tyrion vow to do when cersei least suspects it?
what poison did cersei obtain from the pycelle?
what does cersei try to keep up the morale of the women?
ser ilyn is there to kill the women if what is breached?
what is the name of the pillar that cersei pushes tommen into?
who is the kingsguard?
why is tyrion left to recover from his wounds?
who does cersei release?
who does joffrey ask joffrey to marry?
what kind of applause did the court welcome the decision?
what did cersei agree to do to her guards?
when did cersei discover that a servant girl had stolen a necklace?
what does the queen admit to tyrion?
when does cersei leave to prevent meryn trant and bronn from exchanging blows?
who are the guests of cersei and joffrey's dinner party?
what did margaery hand out to the smallfolk of the city?
what is margaery skilled at?
who did margaery trade veiled insults with?
what does margaery dress like for a reason?
where is tywin lannister's meeting place changed?
where are all of the seats on tywin's landing?
who does cersei speak with?
who takes joffrey with her to greet the common people?
who waved to the crowd outside the sept of baelor?
who does cersei and littlefingercersei encounter?
who does littlefinger agree to marry to sansa?
who observes loras and sansa from cersei's chambers?
what battle did cersei accuse his sister of trying to kill him?
when does tyrion decide to dieh sansa's hopes?
what does margaery threaten to have margaery strangled in her sleep?
what do joffrey ridicule tyrion?
where does joffrey head to during the wedding feast?
what does cersei do to margaery tyrell?
where does cersei stare?
who listens to tyrion's threats?
when does tywin call out tywin's cowardice?
what does tyrion ask her if she is happy as she has children?
what does cersei admit to being unhappy with tyrion?
who was born in the red keep?
what does tyrion ask her when they have dealt with all their enemies?
what is on cersei's bed?
what does jaime do when she attempts to make love to her?
who is cersei present at?
who does cersei sit with during the wedding feast?
who congratulates the king and margaery?
what did cersei do instead of bowed?
how does brienne respond to cersei?
what does cersei tell pycelle to do?
who did cersei order pycelle to give the leftovers to?
what does pycelle threaten to have him killed if he does not?
who do cersei and tywin meet?
what was tyrion's speech?
what does joffrey begin to do?
what does tyrion die in her arms?
what kind of rage does cersei accuse tyrion?
what did cersei know about for protecting tommen?
who released sansa stark from his captivity?
what did jaime say he swore by all the gods that he would bring back catelyn stark's daughters to
what does jaime remain?
what does cersei refer to him as?
cersei and margaery discuss who's future?
who did cersei arrange for him to marry?
who manages to maneuver clegane to the ground and crush his skull?
who was treated for the wounds of clegane's sister?
who does cersei say she will not consent to marry?
what is the name of the rumors cersei and jaime have about her relationship with?
what do cersei do to jaime?
what does she reaffirm her love for her twin brother?
what hand does cersei kiss as a symbol of her acceptance?
who is cersei alone with?
who stops cersei?
what does jaime warn that their father built for house lannister belongs to them?
who has recovered from tywin's wounds at the blackwater?
who apologizes for the appearance of tywin's son?
what does cersei do to tywin's soul?
what holds myrcella's necklace in its jaws?
who blames dorne for the deaths of oberyn and elia martell?
what does jaime promise that i'm going to dorne?
who donates cersei's head to?
what does kevan remind cersei of?
when is margaery incensed to find the crowd cheering cersei's name?
what is the name of margaery?
what do cersei find her bragging about to margaery's handmaidens?
what do cersei do with margaery?
what happens to margaery?
what is cersei's attitude to the high septon's plight?
what is the name of the town cersei visits?
what does the high septon throw in?
what did tommen's tone of voice suggest loras was allowed to happen in order to interfere with?
who is winterfell 'allying' herself with?
who has betrayed cersei?
who could mop up the remains of cersei?
what is the only boon littlefinger wants for his service?
what did cersei play a part in during loras tyrell's trial?
who is loras's lover?
what event did the high sparrow give cersei a speech about?
who will be revealed for all the world to see, as in the case of everyone, including cersei herself?
what is the last thing they will see before they die?
who visits cersei for the next few days?
what are the charges against cersei?
what does qyburn tell cersei?
what does qyburn tell cersei before he leaves?
what does cersei offer to do when she visits her again?
who licks the water from the dungeon floor?
what happens when cersei is brought to the high sparrow?
what does cersei confess with ser lancel lannister?
what does the high sparrow say cersei has to do?
what is the name of the cell where cersei is brought to?
who escorts cersei through?
where does cersei make it to?
who is the uncle of cersei?
what does qyburn cover cersei's body with?
how tall is the mountain?
who lifts cersei up and carries her away?
what prophecy does cersei believe their children's deaths are destined according to?
how does the king's landing knight kill cersei?
who visits qyburn in his lab?
what does qyburn order qyburn to place all over westeros?
who refuses to accept cersei, jaime and gregor?
who claims that cersei is offering his wisdom to the king?
where does cersei speak with tommen?
what is the high sparrow?
who tells cersei of her plan?
who will win her trial by combat?
what does jaime kiss?
what does olenna express to cersei?
what are the two reasons for olenna to stay in king's landing?
who dragged loras and margaery away?
who entered the red keep?
when does the high sparrow want to speak with cersei?
what does lancel tell her that the high sparrow wishes to speak with her at the sept of baelor?
who threatens the faith militant?
what does cersei say she chooses when ser gregor clegane threatens the faith militant?
who does the faith militant attack?
who asks cersei why she was not informed?
when does cersei take her place in the great hall?
who says that the crown and the faith are the two pillars that hold up this world?
who does baratheon say judges all the people of the seven kingdoms?
how many septons would loras and cersei stand trial before?
how does cersei dress on the day of her trial?
what kind of clothes does cersei wear on the day of her trial?
where does cersei not show up for her trial?
who placed a large cache of wildfire underneath the sept?
what do qyburn's little birds have to shrink to a size in which the cache can be ignited?
what does cersei call continuously upon her departure?
what does cersei say unella is not going to die for?
what is buried at the ruins of the sept?
who is the queen of the seven kingdoms?
who did cersei and jaime meet with to discuss a possible alliance?
what did euron promise to return with?
who urged nobles from the reach to reaffirm their allegiance to the iron throne?
who would pillage their lands and homes?
who replies that he is at work on a solution?
who test the ballista?
what dragon was wounded by a spear at meereen?
who is the dragon of aegon the conqueror?
who poisoned myrcella?
who compromised euron's defence?
who does cersei taunt?
what does cersei understand about ellaria and tyene?
who tells cersei that tycho nestoris of the iron bank of braavos has arrived?
which bank did bernadette hope to get a loan after jaime took?
why did daenerys end her wealth in slaver's bay?
in what battle did jaime inform cersei of their defeat?
what does jaime insist that the lannisters have no chance of defeating daenerys?
who is the throne cersei occupies?
who confessed to joffrey's murder?
who is seeking an armistice when cersei asks if daenerys wants to negotiate a surrender?
who secretly organized the meeting between tyrion and jaime?
what did jaime plan to punish bronn for?
who does cersei believe does not concern himself with the opinions of the sheep?
who is flying overhead when cersei demands to know where her rival is?
who try to warn cersei of the greater threat coming for them all?
sandor returns with the crate containing what?
what does sandor give the crate?
what did the assembled look on as the wight's upper half still moves around?
what does euron ask about the wights?
who announces to cersei his intention to withdraw the iron fleet back to the iron isles?
what did euron declare to cersei that he had been over the whole world?
what do daenerys tell daenerys to do when they are the only two left alive?
who does cersei declare that there will be no truce if it is just?
what did tyrion do to cersei?
who did tyrion love most as much as cersei?
what does a tense moment pass in which cersei does not give the order?
what does tyrion head straight for?
what does tyrion believe cersei is pregnant?
who will the lannister army march north to fight?
what does jaime meet with his commanders after the enemy delegation has left?
who does cersei tell jaime he is the stupidest lannister?
who will come seeking revenge over the fact cersei betrayed and left them to die?
what does jaime declare that he will fight to honor?
who blocked jaime's way when he tries to leave?
what does jaime call her if he tries to leave?
what happens to jaime as she watches jaime leave?
what happened to cersei as the golden company ferry into the bay?
who is the capain of the golden company?
what chamber does cersei follow her into?
what does cersei call euron the most arrogant man she's ever met?
what does cersei's face become drawn when he claims he will make her pregnant?
who did daenerys have to slaughter cersei's forces and civilians in king's landing?
what does cersei spend much of the battle in?
what is the name of the red keep that cersei gives in to qyburn's suggestion to leave?
where do cersei and cersei flee?
what does jaime hugs cersei?
what happens to cersei as they embrace for the final time?
what is tyrion free from with cersei dead?
what caused the destruction of cersei lannister's house?
what does cersei believe she is willing to betray anyone who trusts her?
what is cersei's fault?
what is cersei prone to being unskilled at?
what does cersei's father say she isn't as intelligent as she thinks?
why did cersei's schemes backfire on her?
what did cersei's scheme do before exiling him to the wall?
what did cersei's scheme do to undermine the tyrells' plot to marry loras to sansa?
what did cersei believe did not allow her to understand that the same tactics she used against the tyrells could also be used against her?
when did cersei lose all of her scheming?
who raised cersei?
what does cersei try to exude in public?
what is cersei's usual response to when things do not go her own way?
what does cersei's inability to foresee the full consequences of her plans combine with?
what is cersei's advantage against her enemies?
what is cersei's tendency to do?
what did cersei forget about tyrion's actions?
when did cersei openly ignore that she was the one who made the mistakes that destabilized more and more the position of their family?
what is cersei's behavior capable of switching between?
what does tyrion say cersei uses her honest feelings to do?
what is true about cersei?
what does cersei despise the restraints placed on her?
what does the seven kingdoms have more liberal attitudes when it comes to involving female members of their family in politics?
from what age are the women of house tyrell trained in the skills of ruling?
what was cersei's duty to do?
what does tywin believe cersei is?
what is the practical result of cersei's refusal to be skilled in ruling or political intrigue?
what does cersei blame her father or society for?
why is cersei angry at men?
what is cersei's lack of a parental relationship reflected in?
what does cersei treat her children as?
who did cersei refuse to allow her children to be breasfed by?
when events threaten to take any of her children away from her?
what kind of smug did cersei watch as the sept explodes with innocent people?
what does cersei do to her children?
what did joffrey's overindulgence do?
what did cersei do after the destruction of the great sept of baelor?
who deprived cersei of power?
what does cersei show on her part?
what happened to cersei as well as the freys' military incompetence?
what bank has the crown debt to?
what was cersei's lack of ability to see the far-reaching consequences of her actions?
what was cersei's sense of morality attributed to?
who are all dead in the great sept of baelor?
what did cersei use to destroy the great sept of baelor?
how long did the great sept of baelor last?
what did cersei appear to have become in regards to her crimes?
what was the name of ellaria sand's daughter?
who died to ellaria?
who did olenna tyrell mention before cersei's death?
what does cersei maintain?
what has cersei become more arrogant and callous with her ascension to queen?
what is the feeling of cersei's ascension to queen?
what does cersei express her need to protect their new child?
what is cersei lannister's character?
what does cersei's behavior reinforce?
what happened to cersei's game of thrones?
what does cersei drown in her tears with as comfort until the end of the battle of king's landing?
what does only appear as?
who became pregnant just before season began filming?
what did the production team work around cersei's pregnancy?
what do most of cersei's costumes have in front of her to hide her pregnancy?
what was shot from behind in quick-cuts?
what does the sex scene with lena headey do?
which model used a body double before season's mother's mercy?
why was headey upset about the media about the divorce of her first marriage?
when did headey reveal that she was pregnant with her second child?
in what series is cersei a beautiful but cold woman who does not get along with her husband?
what does cersei do?
what is cersei frustrated by?
how old is peter dinklage in the a song of ice and fire series?
in which novel does cersei become a pov character?
who are cersei's brothers?
why did cersei abort her child?
who was cersei unaware of both the pregnancy and the abortion?
who is mace's eldest son and heir?
who are also suggested as a match for cersei?
when does tywin die?
what kingdom does cersei rule as queen regent?
what does cersei grow to become?
what happens to cersei's schemes?
who are the two characters of questionable loyalty?
what does cersei become during her reign?
what does cersei interpret every statement, causal comment or even a smile as a plot against her?
what does kevan advise cersei to appoint randyll tarly or mathis rowan as?
why is cersei annoyed at the tyrells?
what is the name of the jailer who disappeared the night tyrion escaped?
where does cersei think tyrion is still hiding?
who attempted to kill myrcella?
who is the bastard of cersei's fleet?
who does cersei refuse to honor the crown's debt to?
what does cersei want to do with hand of the king?
what happens when cersei threatens kevan?
what does kevan call kevan?
what does cersei throw in kevan's face?
who did cersei choose instead of kevan?
what does cersei fear that doing so will allow tyrion to escape?
who did tyrion believe cersei was cheating on him?
who does cersei order to seduce margaery?
who is tortured by cersei?
what happens when the high septon grows suspicious of kettleblack's confession?
what did kettleblack say he has been sleeping with cersei?
what do the unworthy people that cersei has appointed to the small council act as?
who will storm king's landing?
what does cersei agree must be taken?
what did cersei confess to?
how is cersei allowed to return to the red keep?
who is the re-animated gregor clegane?
what is ser-see lan-iss-ter?
what is cersei lannister pronounced?
what is the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name
who are the celebrate new poster boys?
what is the name of the new poster boys sam & bucky daenery boys targaryenrhaegar targaryen
sam & bucky daenery targaryenrhaegar targaryensansa starkarya stark?
what is the name of queen daenerys i targaryen?
who was queen daenerys i targaryen's predecessor?
when was queen daenerys i targaryen crowned?
what kind of youth did daenerys initially become?
what kind of youth was daenerys initially obedient?
what kind of ruler did daenerys become?
what madness did daenerys succumb to?
what was the name of the land that killed daenerys?
who succeeded daenerys?
who was the mad king?
when did daenerys' father die?
what did jon become when he joined the night's watch?
what was daenerys's mother's name?
who was viserys' brother?
who gave viserys and daenerys sanctuary?
when does viserys hit daenerys?
what did viserys's domination leave her?
what does viserys tell daenerys?
what does viserys fondle under the pretext of examining how she has grown?
what does daenerys' servant warn her of when she enters a bath?
who did viserys insist on daenerys's marriage to?
what does drogo ride away after taking a glance at daenerys?
who assures viserys that if he did not approve of daenerys, they would have known?
who does viserys blurt out that daenerys does not want to marry drogo?
how many of drogo's men were raped by viserys?
who gives dany three dragon eggs?
who is a knight of westeros?
what is the name of the mare that drogo gives dany?
who tells her that there is no word for the dothraki word for 'thank you'?
what does daenerys do on their wedding night?
what does daenerys command the khalasar to?
who defends daenerys from his attempts at violence?
who did daenerys beg her men to spare viserys?
what does daenerys discover she is with drogo's child?
what does daenerys expect to have a son?
what buoys the love between daenerys and drogo?
where do daenerys and the khalasar arrive?
who points out the difficulties of persuading the dothraki to cross the narrow sea?
why would the dothraki not be able to root them out?
what does jorah admit to selling the poachers as slaves to raise money for his wife?
what does viserys react angrily at being dressed in?
what does daenerys hit viserys across the face with?
what angrily reminds viserys of her position as drogo's wife and the mother of his child?
what does daenerys study?
what is illyrio's claim that dragon eggs are now only?
what happens to daenerys's disappointment?
what does irri think she is removing the egg from the brazier when irri comes in?
who takes the egg from daenerys?
what is the name of daenerys's unborn son?
who is the khal of khals who will unite the dothraki into a single horde that will over
what does daenerys believe viserys was not a true dragon?
who does not trust ships and water their horses cannot drink?
who is dead?
who attempts to poison daenerys to fulfill robert's orders?
what does drogo swear will lead his forces across the narrow sea and seize the seven kingdoms?
what is the name of the 'lamb-men' that drogo leads into the lands of lhazar?
what do the dothraki seize?
what does daenerys do to the dothraki?
who is one of drogo's riders?
what does drogo sustain?
who is one of the women daenerys has saved?
what is the name of the child that daenerys discovers drogo?
what state does duur leave drogo in?
the ritual that saved drogo drew its power from what?
who is daenerys?
what must daenerys smother drogo?
what does daenerys construct for drogo's body?
what does daenerys say she will lead them to a great destiny?
what do dothraki proclaim daenerys?
what does daenerys refuse to feed her newborn dragons?
what does daenerys see the dragons as?
what did ser jorah mormont believe was the cause of rakharo's death?
what land does irri believe the mutilation will prevent rakharo from entering?
what does daenerys promise to do to rakharo?
who returns with an invitation from the great city of qarth?
who is the ruling council that refuses daenerys entry?
what order does xaro xhoan daxos vouche against?
what does pyat pree witness?
who suggested that daenerys use her skill as a lover to find out more about xaro?
who is daenerys introduced to?
where does pyat pree invite daenerys to visit?
what does xaro show daenerys?
who does daenerys seek?
what does xaro counsel against entering?
what does xaro reveal about his feelings for daenerys?
what does xaro agree with daenerys?
what does daenerys consider to be too risky an investment?
what does the spice king say she will have to do without his ships?
what did daenerys find?
how many of daenery's men have been brutally murdered?
who is left terrified by daenerys?
who announces his intention to seize control of the city?
how many duplicates does pyat pree create to murder the rest of the thirteen?
who is revealed to be another one of the duplicates?
where has daenerys recently booked passage to?
where does daenerys find herself?
who does daenerys experience a vision of?
what is daenerys presented with?
where does daenerys walk through the gates of the wall surrounded by more snow?
what does drogo talk about?
who chained daenerys?
what is the name of the young queen who regards pree with a cool, almost lazy gaze?
who is incinerated after a couple of tries?
where does daenerys depart from?
what does daenerys observe when it is empty?
doreah and xaro are locked into the empty vault to die, their pleas cut off by what?
where does daenerys salvage enough to buy a ship?
what was the size of daenerys's dragons?
what were daenerys' dragons capable of?
what does daenerys need?
what does daenerys know would become problematic in westeros?
what do daenerys consider expanding?
who translated low valyrian into the common tongue of westeros for daenerys?
who is the owner of the unsullied barracks?
what does kraznys not know about daenerys?
what do the unsullied do not fear pain or death?
what does kraznys show to the unsullied?
what does daenerys learn about the unsullied?
who is outraged by the unsullied regime?
how many unsullied soldiers are there for sale?
who did jorah recommend that daenerys purchase the unsullied?
who follows daenerys and jorah?
what is the name of the man who follows daenerys and jorah?
what does the child give daenerys a gift?
who knocks daenerys out of her hand?
what does the ball release to daenerys?
who kills daenerys with his dagger?
who did ser barristan beg her forgiveness for failing during robert's rebellion?
in return for his wrongs, ser barristan offers to serve in what?
what are key to winning the iron throne?
what did daenerys scold jorah and selmy for?
what does missandei respond to?
what does missandei know?
what is the symbol of ownership over the unsullied?
what did daenerys order the unsullied to do?
why did kraznys order the unsullied to kill all the slave masters and free all the slaves in astapor?
what does daenerys order to do when kraznys desperately shouts for someone to kill her?
what does astapor say to all of her unsullied warriors?
what does daenerys give them the option of fighting under her command as free men?
what does one unsullied soldier beat against the ground?
what did the rest of the unsullied follow shortly after daenerys sack astapor?
what do the unsullied warriors do?
what is the next great city of slaver's bay?
what does jorah believe yunkai's defenders will use against her army?
what does jorah view as a distraction from their main goal of taking westeros?
how many slaves do yunkai have?
who is razdal mo eraz?
what did razdal claim to have prevented daenerys from attacking his city?
what did razdal provide to her to transport her army to westeros?
where will daenerys leave yunkai?
who did daenerys give razdal an ultimatum?
what do razdal threaten to use to destroy her?
who makes threatening gestures toward razdal?
why is razdal unable to reclaim the chests of gold he brought with him?
what are the second sons?
who does daenerys tell to organize a meeting with the second sons' captains?
who does dany meet with?
how many dragons did daenerys have a year ago?
how long does daenerys give them to make up their mind?
who suggested attacking the city through its lightly defended back gate?
what did daario plan to do to sack yunkai?
what did daario try to do during the war meeting?
who guarded yunkai?
who captured yunkai within a few hours?
what did people of yunkai celebrate daenerys as?
what did daenerys tell the slaves that it was their own choice to reach for?
from what language did the liberated slaves use daenerys as their mhysa?
what did the former slaves see daenerys as in an increasingly dark world?
what does daenerys stroke?
what does drogon do to daenerys?
drogon roars and goes to what?
drogon snarls a warning at his mother?
who is absent and sets out to find them after being told they are gambling?
what do grey worm and daario naharis decide on?
who does daenerys say the honor goes to?
what does daenerys order the two men to do?
what does daenerys say the last man holding his sword will find to fight for?
what do both daario and grey worm drop their swords?
where does daario meet missandei?
what is important to missandei's strategy?
what does daenerys find on the road to meereen?
who offers to have outriders go ahead and bury them?
who is dany's champion?
who challenges daenerys to choose a champion that will fight for her?
what did naharis catapult from the slaves she has freed across the city walls?
who looks on as the slaves examine the broken chains?
what is the success of the slave revolt in meereen?
what do the freedmen of meereen celebrate her arrival?
what banner covers the great harpy of meereen?
what did jorah say she might be able to take king's landing?
who has overthrown the council she has left behind to rule in astapor?
what does daenerys decide to stay in meereen?
what does daenerys set up the time to hear from her new subjects?
what is one of daenerys's first subjects?
who asks to be allowed to bury his father?
who swayed daenerys?
who wants to give daario flowers?
what are the two talents daario asks to indulge in?
what does daario say does not do?
what does daenerys do if he is sworn to her?
when daenerys leaves, jorah observes that he is what?
what does daenerys instruct jorah to tell daario that she has changed her mind?
who is in her chambers with missandei?
what did missandei catch while she was bathing naked downstream?
what does missandei say missandei thinks he was spying on her?
what does missandei say grey worm isn't interested in?
who did missandei say he was interested in?
who does missandei ask if a slave is castrated?
what does missandei say about grey worm?
what does missandei say she has?
when did daenerys counter that the pardon was forged?
what did daenerys claim the pardon was?
where did varys confess to giving varys information on daenerys's activities?
why did daenerys retort jorah's actions stop her from being poisoned?
what did daenerys say he betrayed jorah?
what does jorah give him a day to leave meereen?
where will jorah's head be thrown?
who approaches the throne of daenerys?
who employed fennesz as a teacher for his own children?
where did fennesz stay after she took the city?
who asked fennesz to stay in her house after she took the city?
what did daenerys insist she had established to feed the freed slaves and barracks?
what does fennesz say he has visited the refugee centers?
what did fennesz believe he was too old to start anew?
who did daenerys come to to beg her permission to sell himself back to?
what does fennesz want to own as a slave?
what does daenerys implores her that the young who can adapt rejoice in her new world?
who is waiting outside to make similar requests?
how long was fennesz's labor contract with mighdal?
what does fennesz earnestly thank her?
what is the name of the supplicant who enters the labor contract with mighdal?
what is the name of a human child?
what happened to the golden harpy?
who was murdered after the removal of the golden harpy from the top of the great pyramid?
who did daenerys request that he be buried with full honors in the temple of the graces?
what did hizdahr refuse to support?
what does daenerys try to attack upon hearing rhaegal's voice?
who was the freed meereenese slave?
what does barristan consider her father's lies?
barristan insists that what did daenerys do to her enemies?
what did barristan tell daenerys about her father's killings?
who was killed in the rebellion?
what does daenerys assure barristan about?
who did daenerys promise not to have executed without a fair trial?
what did mossador say broke the law?
what did daenerys promise when she conquered meereen?
who escorted daenerys away from the riots?
what was dany's reign over?
what is daenerys left as she gazes at drogon from the distance?
what did viserys say rhaegar loved?
what happened to rhaegar's money at a minstrel?
what does daario assure her about hizdahr?
what did daenerys tell barristan to do in the city below?
who is dany devastated upon learning of ser barristan's untimely death?
what does daenerys force the leaders forwards towards?
what did missandei do to daenerys?
what does daenerys decide to do to secure her bondage with the noble people of meereen?
what does daario suggest about her marriage to hizdahr?
what pit does dany view the fighters training for?
what caused daenerys to become intrigued by the newcomer?
what does jorah shout out that he has brought daenerys?
who is jorah's companion?
who did tyrion and jorah doubt about?
what did tyrion's advice do to jorah?
what do daenerys think about executing tyrion for betraying her family?
what does daenerys suggest that she consolidate her power in meereen and build a new kingdom for herself?
what does daenerys say she'll stay in meereen long enough to stabilize the situation?
what does daenerys say she intends to do?
what does daenerys inform tyrion that she will take him on as an advisor?
who is hizdahr zo loraq, missandei, and daario naharis?
when does hizdahr tell her to clap her hands?
what does jorah hurl at the royal box?
who evacuated daenerys from the royal box?
where do the unsullied defenders stand?
what does daenerys do to missandei?
what do the sons scatter in terror as drogon bites and mercilessly burns the nearest ones to death?
what do the sons rally enough to attack drogon?
what is the name of the first dragonrider in over a century?
who look on in astonishment as drogon soars away?
where is daenerys far away from meereen?
dothraki bloodriders are surrounded by a khalasar?
what kind of bloodrider emerges from daenerys?
how long is a khalasar surrounded by daenerys?
what does the khalasar remove?
who is the leader of the khalasar?
what does khal moro say daenerys is nothing more than?
who is forbidden to sleep with a widowed khaleesi?
what do the other widowed khaleesi give her traditional dothraki clothing?
where will the khals decide daenerys fate?
who introduces daenerys to other former khaleesi?
how old is ornela?
who gives daenerys permission to relieve herself outside?
what do jorah and daario tell daenerys to do?
what does daenerys declare to the khals that none of them are fit to lead the dothraki?
who burst into laughter after a pause?
who declared that he would lead a dothraki army to retake the iron throne for his khaleesi
who do daenerys gaze at?
where does daenerys knock over the braziers?
who attempts to escape the rapidly spreading fire?
who attempts to confront daenerys a final time?
how do the dosh khaleen and khalasars gather?
what does daenerys emerge?
who follows daenerys and the rest of the dosh khaleen?
what did daenerys thank jorah for?
what is jorah's condition?
how many ships does daario have?
what does daenerys believe she is a conqueror more than anything else?
what happens to the conversation between daenerys and daenerys?
what do daenerys vow to lead them to?
who mistakenly discovered daenerys on the balcony of the great pyramid?
who is currently besieging daenerys and tyrion?
what do daenerys plead for to return their cities to the dirt?
who are the slave masters of daenerys?
who will be sold back into slavery?
what does daenerys do informing them they aren't meeting for her surrender?
who break free from the catacombs of the great pyramid?
who do daenerys and tyrion meet with?
what does daenerys stand for?
what does yara agree to?
what do the dothraki do on?
what is still daario's most valuable bargaining chip when considering new alliances?
what does daenerys point out about kings having mistresses and queens?
what does daenerys muses?
what does daenerys assure daenerys that she'll leave specific instructions for him to follow in governing?
what did daenerys feel she was able to dismiss someone who loves her?
what does daenerys turn the topic to in her absence?
what does daenerys believe he gave up on believing in himself?
what is the pin that tyrion made for him?
what does tyrion do in front of daenerys?
where does daenerys sail with the liberation of slaver's bay?
what color is daenerys clad in?
what is the name of the table that daenerys asks her hand when they can begin their conquest?
what did members of varys council comment on?
what did varys want to do with viserys?
what does varys want to do instead of betray her?
who supported daenerys in meereen?
melisandre is immediately pardoned for what?
what does missandei say the prophecy is in the language melisandre used?
who did daenerys stop arguing over the assassination of myrcella baratheon?
what does olenna encourage daenerys to be?
who was jon's ancestor?
what does jon insist her kingdom will be?
what role did davos start stating jon's achievements during his time as?
what was jon's journey to his present standings as fraught with?
why does jon refuse to bow to dany?
what does jon say about daenerys?
who are the remaining greyjoy forces dead or captured?
what did tyrion talk about to jon?
what does tyrion insist must be shown from jon's side?
what does daenerys allow jon to mine?
what do daenerys and jon have?
what does jon say he hasn't changed his mind about?
where does jon lead daenerys through?
who did the children of the forest depict?
what is daenerys feeling when he bends the knee?
what is more important than the lives of the northmen?
what did daenerys impulsively suggest to tyrion?
what did daenerys tell her about the dragons to destroy the castles and cities of westeros?
what would make daenerys no different than the ones she is trying to overthrow?
what did drogon blast the lannister-tarly infantry with?
what combination of dragonfire and cavalry charges overwhelms the lannister-tarly forces?
what do the arrows look harmlessly off drogon's scales?
what type of attacks do daenerys and drogon launch from above to destroy the lannisters' supply convoy?
what whizzes right past drogon as he flies and daenerys heads for the scorpion to destroy it?
what does daenerys attempt to remove from drogon?
what does drogon incinerate the scorpion?
where does drogon land?
where does daenerys dismount?
what does drogon's mother see while trying to do so?
what does cersei offer the survivors a choice to do?
who are the survivors of drogon's battle?
what does randyll claim he has chosen for his life?
who follows drogon's father?
what do jon and daenerys discuss?
what does drogon claim that the beasts jon sees are?
who did daenerys inform jon of her victory over?
what does daenerys ask him to do for his people?
who does daenerys embrace jorah?
who are daenerys half-siblings?
what does jorah quip that he is used to saying farewell?
what does jon wish jorah to do in the wars to come?
who do daenerys discuss with tyrion?
what do daenerys say they're heroes who do?
what does tyrion say are heroes who all fall in love with?
what do daenerys discuss with tyrion?
what did tyrion tell daenerys about fear?
who did daenerys say got a long way with fear?
what did tyrion lightly admonishes daenerys for?
what does tyrion want daenerys to do?
what does tyrion believe daenerys did?
when does daenerys want to set the discussion aside?
where does daenerys leave?
what did the night king do to save jon and his party?
who does the night king impales with an ice spear through the throat?
who sacrificed jon's life to save him?
where does daenerys arrive on drogon's back?
who represent the north and daenerys' court?
what do daenerys and jon try to warn cersei of?
what is the length of the wight from cersei's face?
what does euron tell daenerys to return to his island?
who did the starks and targaryens battle?
what does tyrion suggest about learning to lie just a little?
what do daenerys and tyrion argue about getting cersei killed?
tyrion reluctantly decides that he will go and try to talk some reason into what?
what does tyrion insist about cersei?
what did the power of the dragons waned?
what interrupts the conversation between daenerys and cersei?
what do daenerys and her court discuss in the chamber of the painted table?
where do jon and the unsullied meet in the chamber of the painted table?
who points out that the north is not really safer for daenerys than anywhere else?
what does mormont suggest that daenerys fly to winterfell?
what do daenerys and jon meet their gaze?
what happens to daenerys and jon after he enters the cabin?
what do daenerys and jon give into?
who march through winter town on their way to winterfell?
what does jon remind daenerys of?
who fly overhead after daenerys's arrival in winterfell?
what does daenerys ask about dragons?
what does daenerys say about sansa?
where do daenerys and daenerys come upon the dragons?
where do daenerys and daenerys land?
what do daenerys and jon share?
what does sam jokingly ask for a pardon for?
who is daenerys's son?
what does sam do for a few moments before asking to leave the library?
what do the two women berate the kingslayer for?
who vouches for jaime?
who discuss jon?
what are the two women in the north helping fight?
what does sansa believe the northerners will never accept an outsider as their ruler again?
where will the army of the dead arrive within a day?
what does daenerys discuss with the commanders and heads of houses?
what did jon say rhaegar did not rape lyanna?
what does jon tell daenerys about?
what does daenerys ask about the story of rhaegar?
where are daenerys and drogon attacked?
what does the night king throw at drogon?
who falls after daenerys sobbing while drogon wraps around them?
what do daenerys do after the battle?
what does daenerys kiss?
where does daenerys celebrate?
who makes a toast to daenerys?
what did daenerys say he didn't want to be king in the north?
what do daenerys say he'll do if he doesn't want to be king in the north?
what does daenerys fear about his parentage?
what does jon insist he must tell his sisters?
what does daenerys believe the only way they can live together?
what happens to rhaegal when she rides drogon next to rhaegal?
who does euron's iron fleet try to take down?
what does euron do to daenerys's fleet?
what does a mournful daenerys discover in her ranks?
what is the name of daenerys' order to sack king's landing?
what does tyrion say the citizens of westeros are not daenerys's enemy?
how many children will die?
what does tyrion call off when the people ring the city's bells?
what does tyrion warn that the next time he fails her?
what does daenerys attack atop drogon?
what do daenerys attack?
who can destroy the remaining sellsword contingent and charge into the city?
what did the lannister soldiers and civilians surrender?
what did the armies take their lead from daenerys?
who is executed after the battle?
who cheers daenerys on?
who does daenerys perceive as?
what does tyrion confront daenerys about?
what happens to daenerys when he confronts him about freeing his brother?
what do daenerys do to the people of king's landing?
what does daenerys believe can't be built by those loyal to the old one?
jon argues that their world must be what?
what does daenerys confidently assert about jon?
what does daenerys urge jon to help her build the new world she envisages?
what does jon thrust into dany's heart?
how does jon escape daenerys' nose and mouth?
what does jon hold daenerys?
drogon snarls at jon before trying to nudge his mother awake?
what happened to daenerys's body?
who is the great council of ac?
what kind of person was daenerys?
what was daenerys cowed by as a child and young woman?
what taught daenerys pride, confidence, and the skills of command?
what began to manifest at the same time as daenerys?
who did daenerys bouncing back and forth with with her brother?
what caused daenerys to develop a largely black-and-white worldview?
what kind of worldview did daenerys develop?
who crucified children as she approached the city in an attempt to intimidate daenerys?
what did many of the slave-masters oppose?
what did daenerys earn the favor of the commoners in slaver's bay?
who was the one who came to deny daenerys the independence they had gained after so many sacrifices?
why was daenerys surprised by the lack of accommodation to her rule?
who warned her that coming to westeros wouldn't have made her a liberator?
what did ser jorah's reaction show that she refused to accept the reality of the seven kingdoms?
what did daenerys consider jaime lannister as a traitor?
why did daenerys show herself to be vengeful?
who played a role in the theft of drogo's dragons?
what did daenerys offer to the tarlys?
what has daenerys displayed?
what kind of attack did daenerys rescue from?
what does daenerys show in a small voice?
what type of commander did daenerys have?
what two battles did daenerys win?
what did daenerys' victories have more to do with?
who did daenerys surround herself with?
what did daenerys know how to win battles in such a way to leave herself in the strongest position possible?
what did daenerys show herself to be in her life before her descent into madness?
what caused daenerys to be too fragile to bear the burden of her moral defeat?
what did daenerys do towards?
what was often a late-onset condition in the targaryens?
what did the men of house tarly refuse to offer to daenerys?
what did daenerys feel after her destructive rampage?
what does madness take many forms?
what does madness seem to have emerged in daenerys?
what ancestor was justified in dealing with the rebellious faith militant?
how did daenerys decide to take the iron throne?
who was the first daenerys sister?
what was the name given to daenerys in the marriage-alliance?
what is the name of daenerys stormborn?
what is the breaker of chains?
what was missandei's previous title?
who was a stunt double for emilia clarke in the role of daenerys targaryen?
who played the role of daenerys in the unaired pilot episode?
who auditioned for the role of daenerys?
who explained the costuming shifts that daenerys goes through in seasons to?
what does michele clapton say daenerys is willing to immerse herself in?
what is daenerys outfit made of?
what does the dothraki use to wear animal skins?
where did daenerys wear a complete qarth-style gown?
what color was blue the color of royalty in?
what special occasion did daenerys wear a blue dress instead of the traditional targaryen colors of red and black?
what color was traditionally the color of imperial or royal authority for centuries in europe?
when does daenerys begin to wear more white?
what is one of the scenes that daenerys has to be in?
what was daenerys supposed to be in the middle of the fighting pit?
what was daenerys mental removal from?
how did daenerys feel about herself?
what did some of daenerys dresses feature to give the impression of scales?
what color does daenerys always wear underneath?
what is the ultimate expression of daenerys acceptance of her identity as a targaryen conqueror and the rightful queen of weste
what does daenerys start off by wearing in season?
what is daenerys style used to do in season?
what is the name of the dragon that daenerys represents?
what does daenerys wear across her torso?
what does daenerys have at one point?
what does daenerys wear to symbolize her selfless act of rescue?
how many shoulder fur is daenerys only partially matching jon's silhouette?
what does the juxtaposition between jon's dark costume and daenerys'?
how does daenerys' costumes vary throughout the season?
what do daenerys wear when she feels alienated or threatened?
what did daenerys wear during the battle of king's landing?
what is the name of the dress daenerys wears when she attacks the city?
what does daenerys appear to be fireproof in the books?
what is daenerys more immune to fire than any other human?
who claimed that targaryens were immune to both fire and illness?
what did viserys know about?
what does targaryens seem to have?
what does daenerys think to herself about the heat of drogo's funeral pyre?
what kind of heat has shaped the dornish to be more comfortable in?
what does daenerys have on her hands when she rides drogon out of the great pit of meereen?
in what episode does daenerys notice the heat from the brazier in a golden crown?
where does daenerys emerge unburnt?
what feature did weiss and benioff appear in?
what is no indication that daenerys is fireproof in the series?
what did daenerys realize didn't affect her like most people?
how long was daenerys born on the targaryen island refuge of dragonstone?
what was the name of the targaryen fleet anchored at dragonstone?
who truncated the targaryen family line?
who was the son of aemon targaryen?
what books go into a little more detail about daenerys's early life in the free cities?
what was ser willem's age and yelled at the servants?
who died after the targaryen children were driven from the house?
what did daenerys dream about?
who bounced around between patrons in braavos?
what did daenerys often turn out on the street with little warning when their patrons lost interest in them?
what did viserys begging for support throughout the free cities?
where did viserys travel from braavos to?
how long did the targaryen children stay in pentos with illyrio?
where did daenerys grew up?
what is the title of daenerys' third novel?
when did aegon the conqueror invade westeros?
what religion is daenerys aware of?
which tv series suggests that daenerys has faith only in herself and not in any god?
how old is daenerys when the novels begin?
what kind of spirit does daenerys have?
what does daenerys' spirit begin to do after her brother's death?
what is the name of aegon targaryen's story?
what does jon say aegon does not see anything wrong about marrying his aunt?
what does tyrion pour on the overconfident youth's hopes?
who did daenerys fit the prophecies about?
aenys i  maegor i  jaehaerys i  viserys i  aegon ii
what is daeron ii?
who is robert i?
who is tommen i?
who is ac?
what is cersei i?
what is ac-present?
what is the name of the lord commander of the night's watch?
what is jon declared in the north?
what did jon aid daenerys in her resumed campaign?
what does jon try to dissuade daenerys from?
where is jon sent into exile?
what group does jon lead to settle in the thawing free lands?
who guarded the tower of joy?
who was killed at the battle of the trident?
who pleaded with ned to promise that he would keep her son safe?
who was ned's wife?
who was jon arryn?
who was ned's great friend and mentor?
who did rhaegar have his marriage annulled and married lyanna?
who did eddard never tell anyone who was his mother?
what did ned claim that jon's mother was a lowborn woman that he met during the war?
what did eddard never treat jon differently from his trueborn children?
what was catelyn's attitude towards jon?
who was catelyn's daughter-in-law?
what type of status did jon grow up feeling like an outsider at winterfell?
who loved jon?
what do jon and robb play with in their childhood?
who was theon greyjoy?
who is rodrik's nephew?
which deserter is being held in the holdfast?
what does jon warn bran to do as the deserter is brought into position outside?
what did jon praise bran for?
what species is found on their way back to winterfell?
why does jon leave himself out of the count of stark children?
what is the runt of the litter that crawled away from its mother's corpse?
what does jon name the runt of a litter of direwolves?
who are the royals groomed for?
what does jon express against the royal family?
who arrives at the banquet?
where does jon wait to vent his frustrations against a practice dummy?
what advice does tyrion give to the young man?
what is the name bastard?
what does tyrion say to be bastards in their father's eyes?
what did jaime sarcastically thank jon for?
what does jon say he will do before he departs for the wall?
what does robb ask as he prepares his saddle?
what does jon say are hard to kill?
what did robb offer to visit him at the wall?
who is jon accompanied by?
what is the night's watch?
who is the master-at-arms in charge of training new recruits?
where does benjen tell jon he is going?
benjen insists that he does what?
who accepts jon's new brothers?
who tells jon that going easy on sam won't help him?
who asked for jon as his personal steward?
what is jon concerned about when benjen's horse returns to the wall riderless?
where is jon restricted to?
who rewards jon?
who's corpse becomes a wight and attacks mormont?
how does jon save mormont's life?
what is jon's valyrian steel sword?
what was the name of jon's uncle?
what does jon do to robb and seek revenge for his father's death?
who intercept jon and convince him to stay?
what does mormont tell jon that the watch is marching beyond the wall in force?
what does jon swear to jon?
what is the name of the unsavory ally of the great ranging?
who tells jon of craster's sexual inclinations upon their arrival at the keep?
who is the leader of the wildlings?
what is the difference between life and death for many black brothers in the wild?
who is craster's pregnant daughter-wife?
what is gilly's fear of having a son?
who refuses to disobey jon's order to leave craster's wives alone?
what does jon see craster carrying into the woods?
what does jon see craster leave the child for?
what does craster do to craster?
what does craster do to jon?
who does jon expels from his home?
where do the rangers await qhorin halfhand and his party?
when qhorin arrives, he suggests altering their tactics and using small groups to overcome what?
who do jon and ygritte ambush?
what kind of woman does jon realize his opponent is?
who does jon and ygritte not give away details of?
who leaves jon alone to execute ygritte?
what is jon's ability to do?
what happens to jon and ygritte?
why does jon decide to not regroup with qhorin?
who convinces jon to sleep next to her to share body heat?
what does jon reject?
what does jon and ygritte discuss the restrictions of the night's watch vows?
what does ygritte know about the night's watch vows?
who are descendants of the first men?
what does ygritte urge jon to do?
what does ygritte need to reach for when he is caught off guard?
what does ygritte do when he is caught off guard?
who tells jon that the rest of the men were killed while they searched for him?
what does the halfhand urge jon to do?
what did ygritte do after he feigns anger with jon?
who allows jon to fight?
where is the main wildling camp?
what is jon shocked to see as they enter the camp?
what do many wildlings shout at jon's approach?
what does jon shout crow?
who is mance rayder?
who did jon kill?
who is mance's lieutenant?
what does the free folk not recognize in their culture?
who defeated the white walkers once during the long night?
what does the black cloak attract?
who marches south with jon?
how many different groups are there in the free folk army?
what did mance tell the free folks that they would die if they remain north of the wall?
who is jon's scout?
what is jon's eyes rolled back as?
what does mance say he is?
what is a person who is capable of entering the mind of an animal?
what does orell control to scout miles ahead?
what was the name of the warg?
where do jon and the free folk arrive?
how many men of the night's watch were there?
where are the white walkers trapped?
what are the missing corpses from the night's watch resurrected as?
how many men will tormund take to scale the wall to attack castle black?
who will attack castle black from its exposed rear?
what does the eagle see on top of the wall?
how many castles do the wildlings know along the south side of the wall?
what tower is at the western end of castle black?
how many men are currently garrison castle black?
how many men are there in castle black?
what does jon remain to the lie?
what did jon confront orell about on the wall?
what does orell say about ygritte?
who intends to kill the old man so as to stop him from alerting the night's watch to their presence?
what rock does jon surreptitiously hit when the party attacks the farmstead?
where does a hidden bran enter summer's mind to aid jon?
what eagle swoops down and attacks jon?
what does ygritte insist about?
who are overjoyed to see jon?
what did sam say jon was better than robb?
what did jon say he could never bring himself to hate robb?
what does sam say jon is better than him at everything?
what did jon admit to at the hearing?
who are openly hostile to jon?
who realizes that jon is speaking the truth?
what did roose bolton promise as a reward to the boltons?
who is the orphan of the night's watch?
who have escaped the mutineers at craster's keep?
what do the wildlings reveal about the mutineers at craster's keep?
what should be the top priority of the wildlings at craster's keep?
who are talking about bran going beyond the wall?
who convinced thorne that jon questioning his decisions is a problem?
who secretly intends to kill jon during the mission?
who did jon reunite with?
what do the night's watch members say they can't trust them?
what does jon say about the gates of mance rayder's army?
who refuses to listen to jon?
who try to comfort sam who believes gilly and her baby are dead?
who is furious that the wildlings slaughtered the inhabitants of mole's town?
what kind of horn blows north of the wall?
what does slynt do?
who did grenn falsely claim that alliser needs back down in castle black?
what do the black brothers continue to rain down on the advancing wildlings?
when does jon fight styr?
how does styr get the upper hand?
what does styr smash his face into?
what does jon do to styr?
what did jon find ygritte pointing her bow at him?
what did olly do to ygritte?
what did olly say to ygritte?
what does jon subdue tormund with?
who does jon try to stop?
where does jon prepare to leave?
who did jon give to before he leaves longclaw?
what does mance notice that jon is eyeing?
what sound is interrupted before anyone can make a move?
how many mounted knights arrive outside to slaughter many of the wildlings?
what does jon advise stannis to do to prevent them from returning as wights?
what happens to ygritte as he walks away?
what happens to the red woman?
what does melisandre say jon is a virgin?
what does jon meet with stannis and davos?
what does stannis want jon to do to the wildlings?
who will the king-beyond-the-wall be burned as a sacrifice to?
what does jon try to convince mance to do?
what happens to mance when jon attempts to convince mance to bend the knee to stannis?
what does jon shoot mance through the heart?
who was the messenger-raven of stannis?
who is the commander of the shadow tower?
who tally the tokens and a tie is declared between jon and thorne?
who approached jon about the offer of legitimization?
what was jon's dream to be with the night's watch?
what does davos say the night's watch protects?
who did jon snow assign to oversee the digging of a new latrine pit?
what is the name of the castle that jon orders slynt to repair?
what does jon ask janos if he's refusing to obey?
what does janos say to jon?
who does jon execute?
where does janos plead for mercy?
what does jon execute the cowardly former commander of the city watch?
whose new recruits are observing jon?
what does jon snow say to melisandre?
what does aemon tell aemon to do?
what is jon's plan?
who is jon trying to keep the wildlings from falling into the hands of?
what is jon's goal to keep the wildlings from falling into the hands of the coming white walker army?
where did mance's army flee to?
what does jon want tormund to negotiate with?
what will the wildlings know so long as jon accompanies him so that the wildlings will know?
how many of stannis's ships does jon borrow?
how many wildlings agree while the rest decide to stay?
how are the white walkers attacked?
what do jon fight his way to the hut to retrieve?
how long does jon fight for a white walker?
what was the name of the massacre that happened to jon?
what does jon look on in as he knows the slaughter he just witnessed is merely a prelude to what is coming for all of west
who watch as the wildlings exodus?
what does thorne tell jon that will get him killed?
who are some of jon's brothers who look at him scornfully?
where does jon agree to send sam to?
what will be doubly prevalent as a maester before finding out that sam and gilly have had sex already?
what did jon agree to?
who did melisandre demise when she asked davos about stannis and shireen?
who was jon's uncle?
what sign did jon find after being stabbed by his own men?
who stab jon while uttering, for the watch?
what does olly do as jon kneels, gasping for breath?
who leaves jon out in the cold to bleed out?
who do ghost's cries summon to move jon's body to his quarters?
who did edd find to protect jon's body?
what did thorne do if they don't surrender?
what does davos say he wasn't asking the r'hllor for help?
what do davos' attempts seem to be?
who accosted jon?
who are the leaders of the mutiny accosted by davos and melisandre?
what are the leaders of the mutiny rounded up for?
what did jon declare to edd?
what did jon retort by saying?
what did jon and sansa reminisce about?
what does sansa regretfully mention to jon during their youth?
what did jon shrugs it off as?
what does jon suggest rallying the boltons?
who is skeptical of the wildlings?
what does dalba believe ramsay will do if he wins?
what does tormund say if the wildlings don't help him?
how many men does lyanna supply to the wildlings?
who did jon fail to convince to pledge his allegiance to?
why does ramsay refuse to surrender?
what is rickon's direwolf's head?
what does sansa tell ramsay about rickon's capture?
why did sansa criticize jon?
what is jon's opinion that the boltons need more men?
jon meets with melisandre and insists to what?
what does ramsay bring out to rickon?
what happens to rickon as he is about to reach his brother?
how do bolton archers fire volleys of arrows in jon snow's direction?
what forces the bolton army closer and closer together?
who arrive with reinforcements courtesy of house arryn?
who pushed petyr baelish and sansa to arrive with reinforcements?
what army is decimated by the knights of the vale?
who defeats jon's forces?
what kind of duel does jon offer to ramsay?
what did jon block ramsay's shots with?
who did davos accuse melisandre of sacrificing?
jon orders melisandre to leave the north on threat of execution?
who is sansa?
who was the lady of winterfell?
what does jon say he and sansa must trust each other completely now?
who has arrived from the citadel?
what did jon wryly point out about the arrival of winter?
what do the lords of the vale debate?
who avenged the red wedding?
what is jon snow hailed as the new king in the north?
who swears jon snow's allegiance?
who previously proclaimed jon king in the north?
who are the sons of bran?
what does jon advocate when sansa advocates that the umbers and karstarks be stripped of their lands and titles as punishment for supporting
who do sansa summon to reaffirm their loyalty to house stark?
who did ned umber and alys karstark kneel before?
what does jon say don't matter anymore?
who does jon chide sansa for questioning his decision-making?
who did jon tell jon that he must act wiser than?
what kind of dwarfs are in their fathers' eyes?
what does littlefinger try to do to jon?
what does littlefinger say he will kill him if he touches his sister?
what dwarf did tyrion address jon as?
what does tyrion observe that tyrion has picked up?
who do jon and his entourage hand over their weapons to?
who did davos and jon first lay eyes on?
what did tyrion assure jon that sansa's marriage was?
who are davos and davos startled at flying low over the causeway?
who is waiting for jon within?
what does daenerys insist he is?
what does daenerys want jon to do?
what do daenerys urge jon to do to children?
what does jon argue that children should not be punished for the crimes of their parents?
what does jon like the fighting between the great houses to?
what does jon think the army of the dead needs to do?
what did daenerys believe she was targeted by assassins, enslaved, raped, and defile
what does daenerys talk about?
what did davos say jon won the support of the wildlings?
what does davos say it doesn't matter who?
what does jon ask when he is a prisoner?
who pose a threat to jon?
who does tyrion trust?
what does jon ask tyrion about?
what does jon want to do to help his people?
what does tyrion encourage jon to do to help his people?
who is not jon's father?
what does tyrion ask if there is something he can do to help jon?
what are the cave paintings of the children of the forest filled with?
how many years ago did the children of the forest stand?
what is the name of the chamber of the children and the first men?
when did the children of the forest and the first men drive off the white walkers?
what does jon want to do with daenerys?
what does daenerys ask jon if they will if their king does?
who did daenerys receive word about?
what did jon tell daenerys about dragons?
what do the dragons do to daenerys?
who do jon agree with?
what happens to jon in the cold waters beneath the ice?
along with davos and sandor, who is jon brought to eastwatch?
where does jon wake to find daenerys sitting at his bedside?
what does daenerys tell jon that the dragons are the only children she will ever have?
what does daenerys ask jon?
what does jon assure her that the northern lords loyal to him will come to see her for?
what does jon call on to keep the truce between cersei and daenerys?
who does cersei declare that there will be no truce if it is just her and daenerys?
who rip into jon over his ill-advised action?
what happened to the dragons as the power of the dragons waned?
who will mop up the white walkers on their own?
what does jon and daenerys want to know about?
who wrote a journal about annulling rhaegar's marriage?
where does bran see a happy lyanna wedding rhaegar?
what did bran say rhaegar never raped lyanna?
what does sansa ask jon?
what do daenerys and jon invite him to do?
in what remembrance of his family does jon reunite with sam?
who did jon tell sam that daenerys executed men?
what did jon do when he refused to kneel?
jon responds that he did what?
what is aegon targaryen, the son of rhaegar and lyanna?
who prepares to fight the dead near winterfell?
what did jon tell daenerys about the rape of lyanna?
what does jon tell daenerys about rhaegar?
what signal the arrival of the night king's army?
when does jon ride atop rhaegal?
what happens to rhaegal when he falls unconscious?
what does jon notice on his way to godswood to fight the night king?
what did daenerys say jorah loved?
what do jorah and jon begin to do?
what does jon say he does not want the throne?
what does daenerys tell jon?
what is the only way that can happen if jon tells daenerys he owes his sisters the truth?
what does sansa opt for?
what does jon do to the queen?
what do sansa and arya state?
what did jon say he has never been a stark?
what is jon's choice to tell bran?
what does jon swear to when he defends daenerys?
what does daenerys confide that the people of westeros love jon more than her?
what does daenerys resign to ruling by?
what do the lannister forces and people of king's landing surrender?
why is jon forced to fight?
what does jon kill despite his calls to stop the carnage?
what is strewn everywhere in the ash-covered devastation wrought by daenerys?
who are executing remaining surrendered lannister soldiers?
who did tyrion reunite with?
what does tyrion warn that varys won't stop until she has liberated the world?
what happened to varys?
what does tyrion know about daenerys?
why does tyrion advise him to take action against daenerys?
what does tyrion ask him to do because of his parentage?
what does jon respond to because she doesn't want daenerys as the queen?
where does jon find daenerys standing by the iron throne?
what did jon confront daenerys during the battle?
what does jon show to daenerys during the battle?
when jon asks about others who think they know what is good, she responds what?
what does jon try to convince him to be by her side to do?
what did jon try to do as he kissed daenerys?
which dragon melts the iron throne and flies away with daenerys corpse?
who did jon bid farewell to after being taken into exile by two wandering crows?
what did bran say he was exactly where he was supposed to be?
where does jon ride along with ghost and the wildlings?
why did eddard intentionally ignore catelyn?
what did jon consider catelyn's behavior to be?
what did robb and arya become in training?
what did jon learn to do as a bastard?
what did jon do beyond his age?
what is jon's desire to prove himself to society and to his father?
who are some of jon's fellow outcasts?
where did jon live?
what type of fighter is jon?
what is the name of the highly-skilled warrior jon takes on?
what does jon change his behavior to be?
what was catelyn's devout adherence to?
when jon took his vow to become a member of the night's watch, what did he do?
who did jon have realistic marriage prospects with as a bastard son?
what is jon's experience of being murdered by his own men and then revived?
what does jon become when he hasn't had any other choice?
what has brought jon back into the fight?
who are the main names of jon snow and ygritte?
what is bran's vision in?
how old is jon in the a song of ice and fire novels?
what is arya?
what does jon love?
in what series has jon never been on good terms with theon?
what does theon feel jon is about his highborn status?
what does theon resent jon for being?
what does eddard refuse to reveal?
why does eddard refuse to reveal who jon's mother is?
why does jon feel alienation from his family?
what does jon sit with at another table?
what did catelyn do when jon joined the watch?
what was the name of the legends of the night's watch?
what is the name of jon's uncle?
what was the cause of the burns of his right hand and his forearm?
what do the night's watch members wear over both hands?
what did jon see a white walker take in the forest as he did in the tv series?
when did jon return to craster's keep to finish off the mutineers?
what does robb realize he needs to name a new heir?
who did robb sign the decree in the presence of?
what is no longer mentioned in the books?
who did robb send the decree to?
what is the name of jon who has not received the decree?
what type of son does jon have reservations about?
what has no more power than one sworn to your shoes?
what is the purpose of a vow sworn to a tree?
what does jon accept winterfell as a gift of the lord of light?
when he was very young, too young to understand what meant to be a bastard, what was winterfell?
when did jon dream that winterfell might be his?
what does jon have to do to claim his father's castle?
what does jon think about winterfell?
what is the name of the oathbreaker and defiler of the old gods?
which cronies do jon decide to keep close to him?
what does throne do?
what is one of the goals that jon intends to achieve as lord commander of the watch?
what is jon's mission to restore and garrison the sixteen abandoned castles?
what do most of the castles have been garrisoned?
who created the plan to attack the dreadfort?
what do most council members suggest imposing on the night's watch?
what did qyburn plan to do to kill jon?
what did melisandre ignore?
what does jon say he is loyal to his oaths?
who is the representative of the iron bank of braavos?
who does jon send to hardhome?
who reports that the wildlings are under siege by wights?
what is the name of ramsay's letter?
what does ramsay do if jon does not agree?
what does jon realize he can't defend castle black from attack from the south?
what could be construed as?
what is the name of the head of the night's watch?
what was the last straw for the older watch officers?
who does jon fight with as he prepares to leave?
what does jon try to talk everyone down to prevent?
who does jon openly weep as he says for the watch?
what is the chapter of jon's pov?
in what series will jon return?
who was eddard's sister?
what was the abbreviation r+l=j for?
who is aegon targaryen's half-brother?
what is aegon targaryen considered in the show?
who was doran martell's middle son?
what is jon snow's name?
what is the name of the player?
what is benjen stark's name?
who  clydas  dareon  gordo  hobb  mink  myk  samwell
pypar  jon snow  bowen marsh?
what is donnel hill's name?
rancer  toad  vorkoy  casper?
what is the name of rancer?
what is the name of the black jack bulwer?
cotter  othell yarwyck?
what is the name of the kegs  black jack bulwer  mully  cotter?
what?
what is long barrow's name?
what is jon snow's cousin?
who was the heir to the iron throne?
on what charges did house lannister execute her father?
what does sansa become?
what is sansa good at?
who thought sansa would be even more beautiful than she was when she was younger?
what does sansa adopt when her brothers find an orphaned litter of direwolf pups?
who is sansa taken with?
what does sansa want to do with the capital?
who bites joffrey's arm when arya threatens her with his sword?
who flee and joffrey cries before snapping at sansa to get him help?
who asks sansa to corroborate joffrey's claim that he was the victim of an unprovoked attack?
why did eddard buy sansa a doll?
who was killed at the hand's tournament?
who does sansa cheer for?
who is sitting behind sansa?
sansa and septa mordane are what?
what does sansa do?
what does sansa refuse to accept?
what does sansa say joffrey will be?
what does arya point out that joffrey is not a lion?
what did eddard say sansa and arya are returning to winterfell?
who tells sansa to lock herself in their rooms?
what did sansa insist that she was humiliated by joffrey?
where does robb marche south to relieve from the lannister armies?
what does sansa say about eddard?
who did eddard stark swear loyalty to?
what is sansa distraught?
who has written a song unfavorable to the royal family?
where are the severed heads of executed criminals mounted?
who did joffrey tell her that was showing mercy?
what does joffrey tell sansa about?
what does sandor give to her after joffrey and meryn leave?
who is sansa a captive of?
what has sansa learned to feign loyalty to joffrey?
who does sansa convince her to spare when he attends drunk?
who is sansa's new handmaid?
who did sansa attend for dorne?
what is joffrey struck by as the royal party returns to the red keep?
who pursues sansa as she tries to flee to safety?
what does shae say is because sansa has more than they will ever have?
shae warns sansa not to say what?
who chats after sansa's first flowering?
what is sansa nightmare that she is being stabbed by her attackers from the riots?
what does sansa find bloodied by the onset of her first period?
what does joffrey force sansa to do?
who advises sansa to use her sexuality as a weapon?
what does sansa try to keep the morale of the women up with?
where is sandor going?
what does sandor warn sansa that all men are?
petyr baelish is made what?
what does joffrey accept?
what did sansa allow herself once she has privacy?
what does petyr remind sansa of?
what does sansa debate about?
why does sansa tell shae that she enjoys the game?
what is sansa's opinion about the idea of truth?
who do sansa confide in?
what did joffrey take her up to the wall and force her to look at?
what does olenna tell her that joffrey is a monster?
what does sansa admit to joffrey?
who is sansa a valuable hostage?
who does varys suggest that a tyrell marry sansa?
what does margaery tell her that cersei would never allow her to leave king's landing?
who does loras watch with his squire?
who did the tyrell plot to keep loras out of?
why does littlefinger say they should wait until after joffrey's wedding?
what does loras think there will be when sansa gives him an expectant look?
why does tyrion give shae a carefully coded apology?
what does margaery tyrell admit to being wed to?
what does margaery ask sansa about her sexual interests?
what does margaery say about sansa's innocence?
at what event did tyrion speak with sansa before their wedding?
what did tyrion do to cloak sansa in lannister colors?
what is a grim and miserable affair between man and wife?
what does joffrey ask sansa?
who does joffrey say will hold sansa down?
what did tyrion do to his nephew if he doesn't stop?
what is the name of the event that sansa receives from tyrion's father?
what does sansa remain distraught over the deaths of her mother and brother?
what did sansa refuse to eat?
who died in the river?
who watches sansa in the godswood?
who gives sansa a diamond necklace?
what did dontos hollard offer to sansa?
what does dontos give sansa?
when does sansa attend?
what was the second sword re-forged from?
what is the name of the book that sansa is shocked when tyrion's sword is turned on to joffrey?
what does joffrey name his new weapon?
what does sansa look on in?
olenna toys with sansa's hair and whom's necklace in a grandmotherly fashion?
who plays each king in the war of the five kings?
who gave olenna a chance to retrieve the poison from olenna's necklace?
who did dontos kill?
what did baelish say dontos was working solely for?
where are sansa and petyr walking towards?
what does sansa use the disguise as?
what is lysa's aunt's name?
who is lysa's cousin?
who offers sansa a tour of the rest of the eyrie?
how many crates did petyr bring to sansa?
what does lysa tell her to do?
what does lysa turn to to accuse her of having sex with petyr?
what does lysa try to assure lysa that she is a virgin?
what does petyr say that sansa is?
what does sansa know about tyrion?
what does lysa witness when he kisses sansa stark?
where does sansa sit over the open moon door?
what does lysa say about catelyn?
who is sansa called to testify before before baelish can get to her?
who did sansa tell about her mental instability, jealousy, and death?
what would sansa want from her if littlefinger were eliminated?
what type of dress does sansa wear with a plunging neckline?
who does sansa watch practice his swordsmanship with littlefinger and yohn royce?
who does robin leave for further training?
where do sansa and baelish stop?
what does baelish say doesn't apply to sansa?
what does brienne appear to appear before she declares herself for sansa?
what does baelish doubt that sansa would want to let both of renly's masters die?
what event did brienne appear at?
what does baelish claim will be an opportunity for sansa to marry?
what does littlefinger believe stannis will declare sansa?
who is sansa's maid?
what does sansa tell her to light in the highest window of the broken tower if she's ever in trouble?
what did myranda talk to sansa about?
what does theon warn sansa of?
who do sansa dine with at dinner?
who announces walda's pregnancy?
what is the name of the third unseen girl who ramsay murdered for sport?
who did ramsay kill?
how does myranda tell myranda she is a stark of winterfell?
what does theon ask sansa to do?
who officiated ramsay's wedding ceremony?
what does ramsay say about sansa's hesitancy?
what does ramsay do to sansa?
what did ramsay leave on sansa's arms and body?
who keeps sansa locked in her bedchamber?
what did ramsay do when he tries to flee?
theon greyjoy is the only surviving son of who?
what does ramsay force sansa to do?
where is sansa ordered to view her maid's corpse?
who were the two brothers that theon reveals to sansa that they were alive?
what did theon tell sansa about?
what did ramsay do to sansa as he did terrible things?
how many farm boys did theon admit they were not bran and rickon?
what do theon and sansa prepare to do?
who briefly lowers her arrow and admits ramsay needs her alive to secure his hold on the north?
what happens to myranda's arrow?
who finds the bolton men and hounds?
who fight off the boltons?
what does brienne offer her service to sansa?
what happens to both sansa and brienne?
what did sansa reminisce about?
what does sansa say the only place they can go now is?
what does sansa ask for to help her reclaim their home from the boltons?
what does jon tell her that he had done nothing but fight since he left winterfell?
what does sansa say she will reclaim winterfell and the north?
who do sansa and jon share a meal with?
what is the name of the letter ramsay signs?
what does sansa say the houses of the north will unite behind him?
what does petyr add to her brother's army?
what is brienne worried about?
what did sansa give jon before riding south?
where do sansa and jon arrive?
what does lyanna say he is?
what did sansa say she did?
how many men are contributed to the white walkers?
who does house stark try to recruit?
what do sansa tell robett that are pledged to house stark?
how many northern houses are sansa and jon able to recruit?
where do sansa and jon go to to try and persuade lord cerwyn?
what does sansa tell the starks to do if they want to save rickon?
who did jon discuss his battle plans with?
what does jon agree with?
what does jon say to ramsay bolton?
what does sansa tell jon that if ramsay wins?
what does jon cynically say about sansa?
where does sansa arrive?
what is heard in the distance during the battle of the bastards?
what do sansa tell melisandre that he is having prepared for her?
what does jon say to his sister?
what does jon say about the knights of the vale?
who arrived from the citadel?
what does jon return to her as she tells jon that a white raven arrived from the citadel?
what does jon warn the lords of the north and the vale that the true enemy won't wait out the storm?
who acclaims jon as the king in the north?
who acclaim jon as the king in the north?
who does jon ask to man the wall at eastwatch-by-the-sea?
what does jon say the children of houses umber and karstark cannot be held accountable for?
what did sansa worry about the letter's legitimacy?
what did he read from tyrion's first meeting with daenerys targaryen?
what battles did sansa bid jon farewell from?
who disagrees with sansa's decision?
what does jon know about the army of the dead?
what does jon do as he leaves the north?
what does sansa realize for the coming winter?
what does petyr baelish advocate for?
who orders sansa to see that the armor made for their armies are outfitted with leather to keep warm?
why is sansa confused with the prospect of being the lady of winterfell?
in what way does sansa walk away?
who did the guards reveal that arya asked for?
where is arya's father looking over?
what does sansa ask arya?
what does bran say is because he doesn't want it?
what does sansa look down?
where does sansa oversee a meeting of the northern lords?
who propose that sansa take power in the absence of her half-brother jon?
what does arya think she should not let the northern lords get away with?
who does sansa disagree with?
what does arya believe she has to do if jon doesn't return to the northern lords?
who saved jon from defeat?
what does petyr tell sansa?
who does sansa not trust?
what does sansa counter that the discovery of the letter will turn against her?
what does sansa confide in petyr about her relationship with arya?
who does sansa accept?
who does brienne offer to leave her squire?
what does arya catch her sister through her personal effects?
what does arya do when she tells arya that her men are loyal to her?
who did arya get the faces from?
what does sansa demand that arya tell arya?
when did arya say they always aspired to be other people?
how many of sansa's people got what they wanted?
what does arya say about the faces of sansa?
what does arya leave a disturbed sansa alone with?
what does sansa learn about petyr's ultimate guilt in the war of the five kings?
what charges do sansa read before sansa addresses him directly?
what does sansa presides over?
what does sansa do by petyr's begging?
who did arya and sansa remember about looking out for one another?
how does sansa undercut tyrion?
what does daenerys ask when she sarcastically asks?
when did sansa last meet tyrion?
where will robett glover remain with his troops?
why does sansa ask jon to give up his crown to daenerys?
who will never truly accept an outsider as their ruler again?
where do arya and sansa observe?
where is the night king housed?
what does the night king do in winterfell's crypts?
who did sansa mourn?
what is the name of the pyre that sansa lays on theon's body?
what does tyrion ask her to do with daenerys' dragons?
what does tyrion say about daenerys?
what does tyrion realize when he asks sansa to look at daenerys?
what does sansa realize when tyrion urges sansa not to provoke daenerys?
what does tyrion do when she asks tyrion not to provoke daenerys?
what does tyrion say jon once told him he's not a stark?
what did tyrion ask for to convince sansa of daenerys?
who is bran elected as?
what did sansa believe in the tales and epic romances?
who was sansa infatuated with?
what made sansa vulnerable to the manipulations of the lannisters?
what was cersei's belief that all queens and princes are kind and truthful?
what did the psychopathic joffrey have publicly beaten by his guards for?
who were still alive in sansa's life?
what did sansa learn from painful experience to survive at joffrey's court?
what does sansa begin to mature into?
what did the crimes against her and her family have turned her more ruthless?
when does theon come to the godswood to marry ramsay?
what does sansa do for being awful when they were children?
what does sansa develop when she faces myranda for the last time prior to her escape from winterfell?
what did sansa's sufferings make her more war-like?
what does sansa's experiences with the lannisters have enabled her to watch in grim satisfaction?
who is sansa effective as?
why does sansa experience a development in the relationships with her surviving siblings when they are reunited?
what do sansa and jon love when they are reunited?
what does sansa want to do with jon?
what did sansa and arya experience after their reunion in season?
what do sansa and arya develop a new closeness as by the end of season?
who taught sansa to play the high harp?
what does sansa have a romantic notion of fighting honorably for love and loyalty?
what did sansa do in the books?
what did sansa think she would do if she told cersei she would smooth over their disagreements?
who knew what eddard planned to do and had time to prepare counter-measures?
what does sansa use as an armor?
where is sansa held?
why does sansa not refer to herself as princess?
what does sansa do in the show?
what does shae sometimes give sansa?
who is littlefinger's bastard daughter?
what does sansa know littlefinger is?
what was the name of the two people killed by jon arryn?
what did lysa think would let her go?
who's death did sansa become full of confidence overnight?
what does sansa become as the protg of littlefinger during her time in the vale?
what is the difference between littlefinger and littlefinger?
what are littlefinger's manipulations of?
what does sansa do after lysa's death?
how many lemon cakes does robert arryn demand?
what did robert initially declare he hated her for?
why does sansa try to nuzzle at her breasts and wet the bed during his seizures?
what do sansa must wed as the lord of the eyrie and defender of the vale?
who calls her littlefinger's bastard?
what did littlefinger instruct harrold to do?
what does sansa ask about to test his honesty?
what does harrold refuse to wear in the tourney?
what story did sansa's arc diverge significantly from that in the books?
who is robert arryn's presumptive heir?
what does littlefinger plan to do to sansa?
who is the elder of robert's bastards?
what is sansa pronounced between san-suh and sohn-suh?
who is sansa pronounced sahn-suh?
what will women retain if their family is more powerful or ancient than their husband's?
what happens when a noblewoman marries above her station into a more powerful family?
what would a noblewoman who married below her station continue to use the name of the more prestigious family she was born into?
who were the great houses of equal social rank?
who forced sansa into a marriage to a similarly unwilling husband?
what type of marriage did the starks and lannisters have?
why are both sansa and tyrion wanted for regicide and far away from each other?
what do the books do not specify the requirements for an annulment?
why is it unclear how difficult it will be to annul the marriage?
what does littlefinger say sansa knows her marriage can be annulled?
what is the third novel of sansa?
what is the first past of the prophecy?
what type of tv recommendations do daenerys targaryenrhaegar targaryensansa stark
who is the younger brother of lord tyrion lannister?
who is the youngest child of lord tywin lannister?
who is the current lord of casterly rock and hand of the king?
who blame tyrion's mother for giving birth?
what names does tyrion try to embrace to keep his self esteem up?
what was tyrion's birthright as a lannister?
who did tyrion attempt to rape when he was sixteen?
who did tyrion help when tyrion interrupted the attempted rape of a wheelwright's daughter?
where did tyrion help tysha get married?
who paid tysha to service every one of tyrion's guards while tyrion watched?
what did jaime confess to helping tyrion?
where does tyrion visit upon his arrival in winterfell?
what is tyrion's fondness for?
who refuses to pay his respects to lord and lady stark after bran's fall?
who did prince joffrey refuse to pay his respects to after bran's fall?
what does tyrion do with his family after bran's fall?
what did tyrion take interest in bran's fall?
who ask tyrion to use his influence to recruit more men for the night's watch?
what does tyrion believe in danger beyond the wall?
who attacked catelyn?
what are the eyrie's sky-cells?
what does tyrion confess to being?
who is tyrion's gaoler?
who does bronn kill?
where does bronn accompanies ser vardis egen?
who is the leader of the hill tribes?
what did tyrion offer to help the hill tribes conquer?
what does shagga say if tyrion tries to renege on his promise he will cut off his manhood and feed it
what does tywin agree to?
where does tyrion lead the hill tribes into battle?
what does tywin try to try to keep joffrey in line and execute any of the small council members if they try anything?
who accompany tyrion to king's landing?
who was tyrion's sister?
what makes shae want to fuck?
who is trying to convince shae that he is truthful in comparison to?
what does tyrion say he will make changes during his tenure as hand of the king to shae?
who discovers shae's presence?
who was robb stark's cousin?
who is exiled to the wall?
what does tyrion note about his sexual relationship with cersei?
tyrion uses the information to blackmail lancel?
what does stannis baratheon insist on?
who does tyrion visit to learn that the guild have stockpiled thousands of jars of wildfire to use as catapult ammunition?
why does bronn see this strategy as potentially disastrous?
who does tyrion order to answer to him instead of cersei?
who does tyrion order a guard to escort back to the keep?
what does tyrion do to the high septon?
what does tyrion call joffrey?
who slaps tyrion when he refuses to listen to the criticism?
cersei believes what might be the price she pays for her sin of incest with jaime?
how long is stannis' fleet?
where does tyrion believe stannis will attack?
what does tyrion prefer to do after joffrey leaves?
what did cersei suspect tyrion of?
where is stannis spotted?
what did tyrion say to cersei?
what does varys provide him with?
what does tyrion smile at to joffrey?
what does tyrion do to destroy a large portion of the attacking fleet?
who did the king leave to fight in his name?
what is tyrion faced with from his troops?
what did tyrion destroy during a sortie through the tunnels under the city?
who wounded tyrion?
what is the name of the reinforcements that are led by a man wearing renly's armor?
who is the victors of lannister-tyrell?
what does tyrion reject?
bronn has been relieved of what?
what does tyrion show shae?
what does tyrion do?
what does tyrion say is something that he enjoys and enjoys?
who did bronn style himself as of the blackwater?
what does ser bronn possess?
how much did tyrion pay for bronn?
who is tyrion the next in lawful line of succession?
what did tywin consider him to be?
what does tywin warn him that if he catches another whore in his bed he will hang?
where does shae sneak into tyrion's new chambers?
who threatened to kill tyrion if he found her with him again?
what does tyrion say about having sex with ros?
who will littlefinger marry?
what does tywin say he has appointed tyrion to replace him if baelish leaves a vacancy on the small council?
what does tyrion say he has no prior experience in finance?
what did tyrion say about the release of ros?
what does tyrion warn of when debtors to the iron bank cannot repay their loans?
who said he did all sorts of things with the prostitutes?
what kind of notes did pod and bronn ask to take?
what was the story of tyrion traveling through the free cities with a party of actors?
who casts tyrion?
who did varys pries open the box in the room?
who explains to tyrion that house tyrell will support the cost of the wedding between joffrey and margaery?
what does tyrion threaten joffrey with at the night of their wedding?
what does tyrion tell joffrey?
what does tyrion insist he won't bed her until she wants him to do?
what did tyrion try to do after his marriage with sansa?
what would tyrion punish instead of the harsh reality of political ones?
who orders tyrion to thank frey and send robb stark's head to sansa?
what happens to tyrion before pycelle can send any messages to the twins?
what do tywin and tyrion discuss after the end of the meeting?
what does tywin teach him about?
what did tyrion protest?
what did tywin say he wanted to do when he was born?
who did cersei inform tyrion that she won't marry?
what do cersei ask tyrion to give sansa children?
who is tyrion waiting for to arrive at king's landing?
what do the dornishman see coming their way?
what prevents prince doran from leaving sunspear?
when did oberyn enter the city?
what song does prince oberyn sing?
who is oberyn's paramour?
what did oberyn tell tyrion why he came to the capital?
what does tyrion know he's?
who did tyrion try to comfort sansa?
what does tyrion advise sansa to do?
what does shae ask him if he wants sansa out of the city?
who were the noblemen and women present in king's landing?
who were the reigns of tyrion?
what sword is given to tyrion by his grandfather?
what does tyrion show towards shae?
what does tyrion tell shae that she is to leave and go to live in pentos?
what does tyrion say shae is afraid of his sister and father?
what does tyrion call shae?
who did joffrey suggest tyrion fight at the end of the show?
what kind of undertone is joffrey insulted at at the battle of the blackwater?
what did joffrey instruct tyrion to act as his cupbearer?
what does tyrion give tyrion?
what did podrick inform tyrion of?
what did tyrion believe sansa had nothing to do with?
what did tyrion offer to pod if he testified against him?
who leaves king's landing?
what did tyrion know about a knighthood if he testified against him?
what did jaime try to comfort tyrion?
what did tyrion say he would do if he did it?
who is the newly-crowned king of the blackwater?
who is the presiding judge of tywin lannister?
what kind of evidence does cersei give to tyrion?
when did varys tell him that he had saved the city?
what does varys tell tyrion?
who did shae want to do if he killed the king for her?
who demands a trial by tyrion?
what did the court explode in?
what does jaime decline to be tyrion's champion?
what does bronn share with tyrion?
what did oberyn see to tyrion?
what does oberyn tell tyrion that he seeks justice for his sister's death?
what does oberyn counter to?
where does jaime visit tyrion on the day of his trial by combat?
who is tyrion's cousin?
how long did tyrion watch orson lannister?
what happens when jaime says he doesn't know?
what is the bound in?
what does tyrion advise oberyn against before the fight starts?
where does jaime lead tyrion through?
who does varys believe will be the last time they see each other?
what does jaime leave him with on the cheek?
where does tyrion first enter?
what does shae grab when she spots him?
what does shae do when she finds her in tywin's bed?
what is the act done in self-defense?
what does tywin force his father to do?
who stows tyrion away within a crate upon a ship?
who is tyrion brought to in pentos?
where are varys and tyrion located?
what did varys say his goal was to bring peace and prosperity upon the kingdoms?
what does varys say he can do here in pentos?
what happened to tyrion and varys?
what is tyrion's attitude to being confined in a box of some sort?
who walk along the long bridge?
what bridge does tyrion and varys walk along?
how does tyrion get through volantis?
what do volantene slaves must sport?
what does varys find him doing?
who was the only red priest in king's landing?
what prophesied savior does tyrion preach?
what happens to tyrion when he woos a prostitute?
what do tyrion go to off the side of the bridge?
what did tyrion do to jorah?
what is tyrion's reaction to jorah?
what does tyrion believe he will earn a pardon for?
who travels through old valyria?
where are jorah and tyrion going to pass through?
what is tyrion excited to see?
what did tyrion recites a poem about?
who attacked tyrion?
where does jorah rescue tyrion?
what village does jorah seek out to acquire another boat?
what do jorah and tyrion only have to eat?
what did tyrion explain to jorah about his father's death?
why did tyrion find his father?
what does tyrion say about jeor mormont?
what is jorah to realize he means that his father is dead?
what does tyrion become when he says he thought that jorah knew already?
what did tyrion say his father led an expedition beyond the wall?
how does jorah process his father's death?
who captures jorah and tyrion?
who deems tyrion useless and orders his throat cut and his penis removed to be sold to a cock merchant?
why does yezzan buy tyrion?
tyrion reveals himself as what?
why did tyrion convince her to spare him?
who discussed family and politics?
why did tyrion admit he traveled to meereen?
what does daenerys decide to do to tyrion?
what does daenerys say she will stay in meereen to ensure there is no more slavery?
when daenerys flies off on drogon's back, tyrion is struck with awe as he watches her fly
who do tyrion sit in the throne room with in the aftermath of daenerys?
what did varys admit to finding daenerys?
what did varys congratulate tyrion for?
what does varys allude to in meereen?
what do varys vow to help each other hold meereen together?
what did tyrion admit he missed varys?
where is viserion and rhaegal located?
what does tyrion believe the dragons are in captivity?
what does missandei say about the dragons?
what do tyrion decide to do to the dragons?
who do tyrion encounter for the first time?
what kind of games does tyrion try to pass the time with missandei and grey worm?
what does tyrion want to do with the sons of the harpy?
grey worm advocates using what?
who is tyrion's former slave master?
who is tyrion?
who offers to give daenerys and her allies a large amount of money and ships if they leave slaver's bay?
who claims that slavery has existed in slaver's bay for centuries?
what does tyrion propose to the slave masters?
how long is the time limit for slaver's bay?
what do the sons of the harpy do regardless of?
what does tyrion warn the slaves of the harpy?
what did tyrion give them at the conclusion of the meeting?
who confronts tyrion and his entourage in the meereen throne room?
what does tyrion insist he is doing his best to do?
who do the freedmen refuse to listen to for reassurance?
what did the freedmen publicly back tyrion in front of the freedmen?
what does tyrion assure missandei and grey worm that he is serving daenerys' interest by taking advantage of the masters'
why does grey worm warn the slavers to take advantage of tyrion?
who did tyrion have to convince the meereenese that everything has been done with daenerys' blessing?
who is kinvara?
what did kinvara believe daenerys was?
what does kinvara assure tyrion of?
who did tyrion wish to celebrate with for the resurgence of meereen?
who lay siege to the city?
what does grey worm prefer to do to the unsullied?
what do the unsullied hear when they enter the great pyramid?
who is responsible for the siege of meereen?
what does tyrion propose for king's landing?
who do dany orders to burn the slavers' fleet?
what does tyrion order grey worm to kill the two slave masters?
what wipes out the resurgent sons of the harpy?
where is tyrion present after the battle?
what does tyrion protest about the independence of the iron islands?
what do dany and tyrion discuss?
what does tyrion say he is not good at?
what does tyrion say she is more likely to let daario go than by the actual loss of the relationship?
what does daenerys name him?
where did tyrion kneel before daenerys?
what is the flagship of daenerys?
what is the name of tyrion's appointment?
who did varys secure the alliance of?
what does daenerys request that varys not conspire against her?
who will not attack westeros?
who agree to follow tyrion's plan?
what does tyrion call jon?
what kind of barbs do tyrion and davos exchange back and forth?
what are jon and his party forced to do?
what happens when the party is escorted towards the castle?
what does tyrion believe would work out well for the starks?
what does jon take a moment to recover from?
what is the meeting tense as both sides refuse to submit to the other's demands?
what does tyrion ask jon?
what is the purpose of tyrion's plan to seize casterly rock?
what does euron's iron fleet attack?
who inform daenerys that the unsullied succeeded in capturing casterly rock?
what has daenerys gained from the unsullied?
what did tyrion blame tyrion for losing?
why does tyrion accuse daenerys of losing dorne, the iron islands, and the reach?
where did the lannister army win?
what does daenerys offer to the surviving lannister and tarly men?
who refuses tyrion's loyalty to cersei?
what did tyrion suggest at daenerys' council meeting?
how long does tyrion make his way into the red keep?
what kind of session does bronn arrange the meeting?
who dispatches the two gold cloaks before the guards can arrest him?
who gave jorah the coin used to pay for him?
what does daenerys say she doesn't want dany to be a hero?
which men fell in love with dany?
how does tyrion respond to jon snow?
what does tyrion call jon too little for her?
what does daenerys say she knows tyrion?
what does daenerys say will happen if she meets cersei?
what would daenerys do to her first?
what do daenerys and tyrion vow to do if they go to the capital?
when daenerys asks him if they should lay a trap, what does tyrion say?
what does daenerys say is not the right way of ruling?
what did tyrion promise to do to aegon targaryen?
what does daenerys respond to when she killed the tarlys?
what is the only way to beat the tarlys?
who did daenerys remind him they lost?
who did tyrion claim did daenerys know when they left?
what is the hardest thing to do if daenerys dies?
what fleet did tyrion, varys, missandei, jon and davos nervously sail past?
where does tyrion lead the targaryen entourage?
who did tyrion believe no one would have touched while tywin was alive?
who does tyrion try to goad her into having him killed?
why did cersei refuse to give the order to ser gregor?
what did cersei feel when she saw the wight?
who joins tyrion's allies at the dragonpit?
what is tyrion concerned about for his queen?
who did tyrion reveal they allied with to defeat the night king?
what did jaime realize when she arrives at winterfell?
what do tyrion, podrick, jaime, brienne of tarth, tormund and davos seaworth do while preparing
how much did tyrion promise to kill him?
when did tyrion secretly release jaime?
how does tyrion stare at the destruction of king's landing?
what is the name of the brooch that daenerys removes before throwing it away in disgust?
who does daenerys order?
what did tyrion try to reason out varys's actions?
what do tyrion tell him about daenerys?
what is more powerful than reason?
what does tyrion say is the death of love?
what does tyrion believe daenerys is the true heir to the throne?
what does tyrion remind jon of?
what is jon's belief that daenerys will not bend the knee to daenerys?
what does tyrion ask the gathering to do to the new monarch of the seven kingdoms?
what does tyrion say is for the better as heirs often don't make good kings?
what does bran charge tyrion for his past mistakes in supporting and committing treason against bran's predecessor?
what is the name of the vacant positions that tyrion assures will be filled before the king goes away to find drogon?
what are the primary tasks of tyrion?
what did tyrion bring into a brothel?
what type of intellect has tyrion committed himself to possess to help make up his dwarfism?
along with littlefinger and pycelle, what two players have tyrion gotten the better of?
what is tyrion able to do about his short stature?
what does tyrion's bastard status mean?
what has tyrion shown his fellow outcasts kindness?
how is tyrion upset when the helpless are harmed?
tyrion is genuinely loyal to those who treat him with what?
what did tyrion consider the red wedding events?
who is the master of whisperers?
what was the reason tyrion and varys were wary of each other at first?
what is tyrion not without?
what will tyrion quickly find when he's stressed, upset or uncomfortable?
what does tyrion crave because his father and sister treated him like a social leper?
what does tywin's family do to him?
who was the only person tywin ever loved?
tywin hates tyrion for what?
what is the embarrassment that tyrion was born with?
what happened to tyrion's father?
who showed active care, affection, love and worry for tyrion?
what did tyrion reciprocate with his sister cersei?
what do tyrion's skills with political maneuvering, administration, and diplomacy differ from his father?
what did tyrion try to do to daenerys?
what does tyrion always want to do with matters?
when is tyrion in the a song of ice and fire novels?
who is four years older than lena headey?
what is tyrion described as having?
what types of hairs does tyrion have when he lets his beard grow in?
who wrote the prophecy about the valonqar?
what was tyrion's dream of riding a dragon?
who were tyrion's uncles?
what are most of tyrion's accounts about dragons?
who orders tyrion to set down all he knows of dragonlore?
who did tyrion think about meeting?
at what battle is tyrion not knocked out by his own men?
what kind of adversity does tyrion hold at the battle of the green fork?
what is tyrion's role in the battle of the green fork?
what happened to jaime in the battle of the green fork?
who becomes their new commander when tyrion relieves janos slynt of command of the gold cloaks?
how many men have tyrion sent to break jaime out?
what does tyrion use from a brothel to approach shae?
what is the most important of the defenses for the city that tyrion builds?
in what book is tyrion's nose cut off by ser mandon moore's sword swipe?
what would i wear for the next few years?
who would have a lot of work on their hands?
what did the digital artist come up with in the book's version of the battle of blackwater?
what did dinklage start doing when a stage hand closes the clapperboard?
in what reel did dinklage start pretending that board was held too close and cut his nose off?
who is killed and tyrion is sentenced to death?
what is the fourth book of tyrion's book?
who kills several innocent dwarfs?
what dwarf performed at joffrey's wedding?
who are griff and aegon targaryen?
what does tyrion believe aegon will look like a beggar?
who rescues tyrion?
who is one of the dwarfs who performed at joffrey's wedding?
who is the red priest of volantis?
in what storm is the ship badly damaged?
who captures the passengers of the ship after floating for days?
who are sold to yezzan zo qaggaz?
what board game does tyrion impress yezzan?
what did daenerys do to the slave masters?
where does tyrion escape with jorah and penny?
who has confirmed that tyrion and daenerys will meet face to face in the winds of winter?
what taboo did tyrion loathe joffrey?
what have tyrion and jaime always been on?
what did jaime bring when tyrion was small?
what was tyrion's first pony?
what is tyrion lannister pronounced?
who is ser barristan selmy?
what is the name of lord mace tyrell?
who is the name of the man?
what is the name of the seaworth?
