answer lady catelyn stark
question who is arya stark's wife?
answer house lannister
question who escaped the persecution of house stark?
answer faceless man
question what is arya trained as at the house of black and white in braavos?
answer house stark
question who was the faceless man in braavos?
answer frey
question what male line does arya exterminate after returning to westeros?
answer jon snow, king
question who is the half-brother of arya's half-brother?
answer winterfell
question where did arya return to?
answer petyr baelish
question who manipulated arya's half-brother?
answer the battle of winterfell
question when did arya kill the night king?
answer sandor clegane
question who killed cersei lannister?
answer daenerys targaryen
question who destroys king's landing?
answer sandor
question who convinces arya to abandon her quest for vengeance?
answer arya's younger brother bran
question who is chosen as king in westeros?
answer arya decides to leave westeros and sail west to discover what lies beyond where the maps of the known world end.
question what does arya decide to leave westeros after bidding farewell to her siblings?
answer arya stark
question who is the youngest daughter of lady catelyn and lord ned stark?
answer lady catelyn and lord ned stark
question who are arya stark's daughters?
answer jon snow
question who is arya's bastard half-brother?
answer sansa
question who is arya's older sister?
answer arya
question who rejects the notion that she must become a lady and marry for influence and power?
answer forge her own destiny
question what does arya believe she can do?
answer embroidery
question what is arya bored by?
answer her father
question who does arya take after?
answer jon
question who is arya close to?
answer septa mordane
question who taught arya how to sew?
answer archery
question what does bran, jon, and robb practice in the courtyard with their father?
answer out-shooting him
question how does arya annoy bran?
answer laughs at their antics
question what does bran chase arya as their family chases?
answer scolded
question what happens to arya when she joins the receiving line in the courtyard?
answer queen cersei
question who overheards arya when she asks sansa where the imp is?
answer her mother's patience
question what does arya test at the feast?
answer hand of the king
question what does robert name arya's father?
answer nymeria
question what is arya's name after a great warrior-queen of essos?
answer a sword
question what does arya receive as a gift from jon?
answer needle
question what does arya name as a play on words that she may now enjoy doing needlework?
answer mycah
question who is the son of the butcher in the king's retinue?
answer sansa and joffrey
question who spot nymeria fighting?
answer joffrey
question who threatens arya with a sword?
answer rocks
question what does arya drive nymeria off with so she won't be punished?
answer crossroads inn
question where is arya's father located?
answer liar
question what does arya call her a?
answer vehemently protesting against killing lady
question what did arya join her sister in?
answer tears
question what does arya break down into after seeing that the queen's order will be carried out?
answer hound
question what bodyguard murdered mycah?
answer littlefinger
question who does arya and sansa meet?
answer dragon skulls
question what do arya see in the red keep?
answer khal drogo
question who brought his army across the narrow sea with the targaryen exiles?
answer arya finds a passage out of the castle
question what happens to arya after he overhears varys and illyrio mopatis?
answer angry
question who is arya's father?
answer the wolf and the lion
question what are the starks and lannisters?
answer yoren
question who is the recruiter for the night's watch?
answer a boy
question what is arya mistaken for?
answer jory's death and her father's injury
question what happened to arya while fighting jaime?
answer syrio
question who teaches arya how to ignore jory's troubles to focus on fighting?
answer upset
question how are sansa and arya both?
answer losing a dancing instructor
question what does sansa feel is nothing compared to breaking her betrothal to joffrey?
answer one strong and gentle and brave
question what does eddard say he will choose another man for her to marry?
answer golden-haired lion
question what type of lion does sansa want to have?
answer seven hells
question what interjection did arya assert that he will be a stag like his father?
answer robert
question what is the name of the heir to the throne?
answer cersei
question who admits that her children were fathered by her brother jaime?
answer boar
question what is the name of the man who kills the king when he is hunting?
answer cersei and joffrey
question who have eddard arrested and send guards to take arya into custody while she is training with syrio?
answer to flee
question what does eddard instruct arya to do while he faces down the guards himself?
answer ser meryn trant
question what is the name of the kingsguard?
answer the stable
question where does arya go first?
answer a stableboy who tries to stop her
question who finds arya's sword in the bottom of her luggage?
answer raises her sword
question what happens to arya as he comes at her?
answer horrified
question who does arya run away to find her way out of the castle?
answer night's watch
question what show will arya pose as a fresh recruit for?
answer not to trust the others
question what does the night's watch tell arya to do?
answer hot pie and lommy greenhands
question who bullied arya?
answer gendry
question who steps up to defend arya?
answer king's landing
question where does the entire group depart?
answer jaqen h'ghar
question who is one of the prisoners in the wagon?
answer he will stay locked up in the cage until they reach the wall
question what happens when he is a murderer from the black cells of the dungeons?
answer rorge and biter
question who are the two murderers who threaten arya and gendry?
answer former blacksmith's apprentice gendry
question who sees through arya's disguise?
answer leaving empty-handed
question what does yoren intimidate the gold cloaks?
answer arya confesses her identity to gendry
question who does arya confess to?
answer willem
question who was arya obsessed with?
answer losing his life and future
question what did yoren have to take the black?
answer ser amory lorch and lannister men
question who helped the gold cloaks return?
answer defending gendry
question who did yoren die heroically?
answer near the cage where jaqen and his companions are being held
question where does a fire start during the skirmish?
answer risking the flames to give them an ax to help them get out
question what does arya save the gold cloaks?
answer polliver
question who steals needle from arya?
answer ser amory
question who does arya convince that he killed gendry?
answer harrenhal
question where does ser amory take his captives?
answer gregor clegane
question who chooses one of ser amory's prisoners to be tortured by the tickler?
answer lord tywin lannister
question who returns to harrenhal and halts the ordeal?
answer wasting manpower
question lord tywin lannister criticizes gregor for what?
answer girl posing as a boy
question what does lord tywin lannister realize arya is?
answer safer to travel
question what did lord tywin lannister believe arya was a girl posing as a boy?
answer cupbearer
question what does tywin make arya his?
answer demanding water
question what does tywin stop arya?
answer a northerner
question what does tywin realise that arya is from the riverlands?
answer riverlands
question what is arya's first lie that she is from?
answer rumors that he has a supernatural link to his direwolf and that he is invulnerable
question what does arya repeat upon being questioned about the northerners' opinions of her brother, robb stark?
answer no, my lord, anyone can be killed
question what does tywin ask her if she believes he is invulnerable?
answer jaqen
question who is now a lannister man-at-arms?
answer three
question how many deaths does jaqen owe to her?
answer tickler
question who is found dead in the courtyard by tywin lannister?
answer courtyard
question where is the tickler found?
answer smiles and holds a single finger to his face
question what does arya do to jaqen to signify his responsibility?
answer troop movements and questions
question what did arya learn to read when she read a letter?
answer asking about his own childhood
question what does arya distract by reading a letter?
answer dozens
question how many of tywin's men were killed?
answer brotherhood without banners
question who is responsible for the assassination of lord tywin?
answer war of conquest
question what war did tywin discuss the importance of legacy and the destruction of harrenhal?
answer her own knowledge of history
question what heightened tywin's suspicions?
answer westerlands
question where does tywin drive robb's armies from?
answer gregor castellan
question who does arya name to drive robb's armies from the westerlands?
answer tywin
question who is jaqen's last target to protect robb?
answer refuses
question what does jaqen do when he returns from patrol?
answer riverrun
question where do arya, hot pie, and gendry continue to travel?
answer local inn
question where are arya, hot pie and gendry taken to?
answer clegane
question who spots arya and reveals her true identity?
answer commander of the brotherhood
question who is arya taken to at their hideout in the riverlands?
answer lord beric
question who accuses clegane of murdering mycah?
answer red priest thoros of myr
question who resurrected dondarrion?
answer the hound
question who is declared innocent and released to arya's disgust?
answer dondarrion
question who did arya ask gendry for repairing?
answer serving lords
question what does gendry want to do to protect the smallfolk and join the brotherhood?
answer m'lady
question what would arya be if he goes with her?
answer arya's future
question what does melisandre anticipate?
answer stannis baratheon
question who is melisandre's target?
answer two heavy sacks of gold
question how many sacks of gold did melisandre give to the brotherhood?
answer witch
question what does melisandre call arya?
answer ignores the barb and looks into arya's eyes
question what does melisandre look into arya's eyes?
answer eyes that arya will shut forever
question what does melisandre see in her eyes?
answer she tells arya that they will meet again
question what does melisandre tell arya that they will meet again?
answer death
question what is the only true god arya believes in?
answer their hypocrisy
question what does arya angrily call the lannister soldiers out on?
answer break her hands
question what happens if arya fails to hit him and kill him?
answer sullen
question what is the name of the horse that arya sits with?
answer ask your sister, if you ever see her again
question what does sandor say about arya?
answer blackwater
question what river does arya initially think of the hound?
answer red fork of the trident
question what is the name of the river that arya initially thinks arya is taking her back to king's landing?
answer her uncle
question who will marry arya and the hound at the twins?
answer they might make it in time for the wedding
question what did sandor tell arya that if she was not so busy trying to bash his skull in?
answer a smile
question what does arya hide as the hound spurs the horse to a gallop?
answer knocks him unconscious
question sandor punches the hog farmer and what happens to him?
answer arya knocks him out again with another blow to the head
question what blow blows arya to the head?
answer stark camp
question where does arya gaze toward?
answer something may happen to ruin her reunion with her family
question what is arya afraid of?
answer beric dondarrion
question what was the name of sandor's flaming sword?
answer hog farmer
question what is sandor's name?
answer salt pork
question what does sandor tell a frey guard they have for the wedding feast?
answer hides near a table of stark soldiers
question where does arya run away from sandor?
answer soldiers
question who kills the stark men?
answer four
question how many crossbowmen come out of the castle?
answer it is too late to do anything
question what does sandor say is too late to enter the castle?
answer suicide
question what did sandor realize that any attempt to intervene at this point would be?
answer grey wind
question what was the head of the mutilated corpse attached to arya's brother's body?
answer stark army
question what army is massacred during the red wedding?
answer robb stark
question who's body was sewed on grey wind's head?
answer horse
question what horse does arya dismount from sandor?
answer keep warm and is hungry
question what does sandor want to do to arya?
answer repeatedly stabs him in the back of the neck with a knife
question what does sandor do when she drops the braavosi coin?
answer how she got a knife
question what does sandor ask arya?
answer valar morghulis
question who whispers to arya about the braavosi coin?
answer lysa arryn
question who is arya's aunt?
answer a horse
question what does arya want to do for her to stay a distance away from the hound?
answer he doesn't want her out of his sight and giving her a horse would provide her with the chance to escape
question what does the hound argue that giving arya a horse would provide her with the chance to escape?
answer the hound and polliver's conversation
question who turns hostile when arya and polliver are in the tavern?
answer arya puts a sword through one who the hound had knocked to the floor
question what does arya put a sword through the hound?
answer fine little blade
question what does polliver say to lommy before he killed him?
answer pick my teeth with it
question what will arya do to polliver?
answer arya sticks needle into his throat
question what happens to polliver as polliver realizes who she is?
answer water their horses
question what do the hound and arya stop to do?
answer eyrie
question where does arya take her to?
answer second sons
question what group does arya say he might join?
answer farmer and his daughter
question who asks the hound what they are doing on his lands?
answer house tully
question what is the name of the soldier that arya makes up a story about the hound being a soldier for?
answer scream
question what does arya wake up to the next morning?
answer the hound has beaten the farmer and taken his silver
question what has arya beaten the farmer and taken his silver?
answer seven
question how many kingdoms is arya the worst shit?
answer the farmer and his daughter
question who will not survive this winter?
answer campfire
question what happens when arya recites her list?
answer quiet
question what does the hound tell arya to do after a while?
answer she can't go to sleep without saying all of the names
question what does arya say she can't go to sleep without saying all of the names?
answer irritated
question who asks arya if she is going to name every person in westeros?
answer hate
question what does the hound say is as good as any motivation to keep a person going?
answer one name
question how many names would the hound cross from their death lists?
answer shut up and let him sleep
question what would arya tell his brother to do if the mountain was at their camp?
answer finish her death list
question what does the hound tell arya to do?
answer one
question how many names has arya left to finish her death list?
answer biter
question sandor addresses his wounds from whom?
answer fear of fire
question why is sandor rebuffed?
answer gregor's wrath
question what caused sandor's facial scars?
answer clean and stitch him up
question what does arya offer to arya?
answer ser donnel waynwood
question who informs arya and sandor of lysa arryn's death?
answer tarth and podrick payne
question which two men encounter brienne of when arya and sandor leave the eyrie?
answer catelyn
question who did arya stark wear to to find and protect?
answer oathkeeper
question what is a gift from jaime?
answer they should be the one to watch over arya
question what do brienne and sandor believe they should be the one to watch over arya?
answer a small cliff
question where did brienne knock sandor down?
answer hides from them until they leave
question what does arya do instead of going with brienne and pod?
answer free city of braavos
question where is ternesio terys going?
answer titan's daughter
question what ship does ternesio terys offer her a cabin aboard?
answer sailing away on the ship
question where is arya shown?
answer braavos
question where does arya arrive?
answer titan
question who would wake and protect braavos whenever braavos stood in danger in the old times?
answer statue
question what is arya's response to the titan?
answer the titan
question who lets out a loud blast announcing their arrival?
answer house of black and white
question where does terys row arya to?
answer the boys scatter
question what happens when the man from the house of black and white appears again behind arya?
answer the coin she had thrown in the water
question where did arya return to the house of black and white?
answer she wants to learn
question what does arya tell jaqen when she leaves to pray?
answer valar dohaeris
question who recites the phrase that means all men must serve?
answer two men
question how many men take arya's body away?
answer the waif
question who accosted arya?
answer arya stark's sword
question what weapon did the waif use to attack the waif?
answer arya throws her old clothing and silver into the lagoon
question what does arya need to do to meet the order's initiation requirements?
answer stripping and washing corpses
question when arya is sweeping the floor, jaqen escorts arya to an inner chamber where she is to help the
answer what happens to the bodies after they are cleaned
question what does the waif do when arya asks?
answer when the time is right
question when does the waif tell arya that she will know what?
answer play the game of faces
question what does arya want to do?
answer failed
question what did the waif tell arya she tried playing the game of faces?
answer who she is
question what does arya ask arya when she is about to walk away?
answer to secure her own daughter's future
question how did the waif try to poison arya?
answer faceless men
question who did the waif seek out to exact arya's revenge?
answer lie convincingly
question what does the waif say arya must be able to do to pass the game of faces?
answer when arya is lying
question what is jaqen able to tell when arya is lying?
answer she hates the hound
question what does jaqen h'ghar say to arya?
answer the corpses that the acolytes wash in the temple
question where were all the faces taken from?
answer give up who she is to become no one
question what does jaqen h'ghar ask arya if she is ready to do?
answer she is ready to become someone else
question what does jaqen h'ghar say arya is ready to become?
answer lanna
question who is arya posing as?
answer meryn trant
question who is arya distracted by before the assassination?
answer mace tyrell
question who does meryn trant guard on his way to the iron bank?
answer brothel
question what is the name of the brothel that arya follows to?
answer sex with very young girls
question what does meryn trant prefer?
answer whimpering
question what happens to the first two of trant's beatings?
answer punches her in the gut
question what does trant do to the third girl?
answer how he has delivered trant to her
question what did arya tease meryn trant about?
answer doesn't
question what does arya assume about meryn trant?
answer trant is in too much pain and shock to understand what is happening
question what happens to meryn trant?
answer blindness
question what is arya's punishment for stealing from the many-faced god?
answer jaqen and the waif
question who caught arya's punishment for stealing from the many-faced god?
answer multiple faces
question how many faces does arya remove from jaqen's body?
answer white
question what color does arya's eyes fill over with as she is rendered blind as punishment?
answer blind
question what does arya fight the waif?
answer meryn's murder
question what happened to arya after overhearing two passing citizens?
answer tossed a stick
question what is the name of the stick arya fights and loses another sparring match against the waif?
answer unimpressed
question who does the waif leave arya?
answer multiple stick fights
question what happens between arya and the waif?
answer water
question what does jaqen drink to arya?
answer lady crane
question what actress is arya tasked with killing?
answer bianca
question who is jealous of lady crane?
answer lady crane's rum
question what does arya poison after watching the bloody hand?
answer anger
question what does the cersei character's response to the death of her son include?
answer tries to express arya's opinion to the rest of the troupe
question what does crane do after asking arya if she likes pretending to be others?
answer faceless assassin
question what did arya abandon her goal of becoming?
answer waif
question who stabs arya?
answer the theater troupe stage
question where does lady crane collapse from her injuries?
answer living quarters
question where does lady crane take arya to?
answer milk
question what does lady crane take to relieve arya's pain?
answer braavosi market
question where does arya find herself after scurrying the back-alleys of braavos?
answer stitches
question how do arya's wounds become undone?
answer putting out the only light in the room
question what does arya start by confronting needle?
answer hall of faces
question where does arya remove her face?
answer westeros
question where does jaqen return to?
answer talisa maegyr
question who was the cause of the deaths of black walder rivers and lame lothar frey?
answer lord walder frey
question who does arya serve as a serving girl?
answer slits walder's throat
question what does arya do after she reveals her true identity?
answer lord walder
question who killed house frey's sons?
answer toast of poisoned wine
question what did arya give her audience after poisoning house frey's sons?
answer their innocence
question what does arya refuse to let any of the women partake?
answer red wedding
question what was the name of the infamous frey wedding?
answer cough up blood
question what do the frey sons begin to do?
answer kitty frey
question who is walder's wife?
answer a sweet song
question what does a small convoy of lannister soldiers get arya attention with?
answer food and drink
question what do lannister soldiers offer arya?
answer revenge
question arya chooses her home instead of what?
answer maester luwin and rodrik cassel
question who can prove arya stark's identity?
answer arya there is nobody by those names at winterfell
question what does the guards tell arya that there is nobody by the names at winterfell?
answer lady stark
question who is arya's sister?
answer dodges them with her assassin's reflexes
question what do the guards try to brush arya stark aside?
answer they agree to at least let her in the courtyard
question what are the guards concerned about arya stark?
answer slips away
question what happens to arya stark as soon as they take their eyes off her?
answer crypts
question where does arya look over their father's grave?
answer awkward
question what is the first thing that has happened to arya and sansa in the past few years?
answer yes
question what does sansa lady stark insist on?
answer smile and hug
question what does sansa lady stark do?
answer their father's grave statue
question what do arya and arya look sadly on?
answer it doesn't really look like him
question what does arya say about jon and arya?
answer everyone who really knew his face is dead
question what does sansa acknowledge?
answer they're not
question what does arya point out about jon and arya?
answer didn't
question what did sansa explain to arya about joffrey?
answer always at the top of her list
question what did arya say he was at the top of her list?
answer she'd been keeping a list of everyone she was going to kill
question what did arya say she was keeping a list of everyone she was going to kill?
answer her road wasn't a pleasant one
question what did sansa only say about arya's road?
answer either
question what did sansa say her road wasn't?
answer hug again, earnestly and warmly
question what did sansa say they did to arya?
answer bran
question who is home to arya?
answer rickon
question who does sansa not mention?
answer paralyzed
question what is arya saddened to see?
answer crossroads
question where did bran see arya?
answer visions
question what does sansa say bran is having?
answer listless and disinterested in it
question why is arya still disinterested in the valyrian steel dagger?
answer valyrian steel
question what type of steel does arya think a cutthroat would have?
answer someone very wealthy
question who did bran say wanted to kill arya?
answer she can have it because it's wasted on a cripple
question what does bran say arya can have?
answer winterfell's castle courtyard
question where are the three trueborn stark children reunited?
answer podrick
question who knocks brienne down when he overextends himself?
answer sansa and littlefinger
question who watch on silently from the walkway above?
answer water dance
question what training did syrio forel use to help arya outmaneuver brienne?
answer killing blow
question what kind of openings does arya achieve if she wanted them to be?
answer brienne stops holding back
question what happens to a sparring session with arya?
answer valyrian steel dagger
question what kind of dagger did arya switch to in her belt?
answer motionless
question what is arya's position as a noblewoman?
answer arya swings her legs around and jumps up
question what does arya do to brienne?
answer a blade
question what does each of brienne's arms hold at the other's throat?
answer petyr
question who watched arya's duel with brienne?
answer lords glover and royce
question who did sansa address over their concerns with jon's absence?
answer battle for winterfell
question when did the vale come to sansa's aid?
answer house glover and the vale
question who did sansa remind her sister that they need to work together in order to survive?
answer bedchambers
question where does littlefinger hide a rolled parchment inside sansa's mattress?
answer baelish
question who planted the letter on purpose to manipulate arya?
answer her sister's incriminating letter
question what did arya discover about her father's death?
answer the castle courtyard
question where did arya watch her sister's letter from the balcony?
answer ser rodrik
question who did arya and sansa's brothers finish training with?
answer she was forced to write it
question what did sansa insist she was forced to write?
answer believing in the lannisters' lies
question what did arya call her stupid for?
answer statue of baelor
question what statue did arya see from?
answer lady brienne
question what did littlefinger suggest sansa use to protect her from arya?
answer pleading
question what do baelish's attempts to manipulate the situation turn to when arya moves in and slits his throat with his own
answer arya and sansa
question who discuss their pasts?
answer strongest person
question what does sansa think arya could have?
answer wolves of their sigil
question what are the strengths of arya and sansa?
answer dragons
question what is arya fascinated by when drogon and rhaegal fly overhead?
answer stop insulting gendry's work and the two lock eyes
question what does arya tell gendry to do?
answer a cold little bitch
question what does the hound call arya?
answer skeptical
question who does gendry agree with?
answer arya cheekily shoots back that gendry doesn't know any other highborn girls
question who does arya shoot back that gendry doesn't know any other highborn girls?
answer last hearth
question what has the army of the dead taken?
answer prioritize it
question what does arya tell gendry to do before asking him what was fighting the wights like?
answer bad
question what does gendry say about the wights?
answer whatever bravery and fighting skill she has, the wights are like nothing she's ever faced
question what does gendry say the wights are like?
answer her deadpan surety and confidence
question what does arya stand for?
answer dragonglass blades
question what is the weapon arya receives from gendry?
answer leech ritual
question what ritual does arya tell her about?
answer robert's bastard
question what did arya force gendry to admit his parentage as?
answer he has before slept with three girls
question what does gendry admit to being intimate with melisandre?
answer her ability to distinguish truth and lies
question why does arya want to know the feeling of physical love before she does?
answer kisses him forcefully on the lips
question what does arya do to gendry?
answer white walkers
question who is arya waiting for?
answer stick 'em with the pointy end
question what does arya say to sansa?
answer flaming arrows
question what does arya shoot at the wights?
answer daenerys
question who couldn't light the trench as planned?
answer melisandre
question who gives the living some moment of reprieve?
answer the dead
question who does arya fight on the ramparts of winterfell?
answer davos
question who is surprised by arya's ability to kill off many wights?
answer a wight
question who knocked arya into a doorway?
answer a newfound fear for the wights
question what does arya feel about the gash at the side of her head?
answer dragonglass dagger
question what does arya take as she traverses through the corridors?
answer wights
question what does arya hide from?
answer between the bookshelves and underneath a table
question where does arya hide from the wights?
answer distracting the wights
question what does arya throw a book into an area of the room away from the exit?
answer short-lived
question what is arya's relief?
answer a door
question where does arya appear when a wight tackles her?
answer flaming sword
question what does beric throw into arya's doorway?
answer stabbed in the leg
question how is beric stabbed in the leg while the hound fights more wights?
answer a wall
question where does beric pin a wight to?
answer dragonglass hatchet
question what does arya pick up to kill the wights hurting arya?
answer fulfilled his purpose
question what did melisandre say beric had fulfilled?
answer red priestess
question who said that beric would meet again?
answer she would shut many eyes forever
question what did melisandre say to arya?
answer the army of the dead
question what color does melisandre remind arya of her destiny?
answer realization
question what does melisandre do to arya?
answer god of death
question what does melisandre say to?
answer syrio forel
question who was the acolyte of the faceless men?
answer one last look
question what do the faceless men share before arya leaves her and the hound?
answer the night king
question who arrives to the godswood after his army cleared the path for him?
answer icy shards
question what did the night king shatter into?
answer kissing him
question why does arya refuse to marry westeros?
answer arya blocks jon before he could leave the room and all the siblings all go down to the godswood to talk
question when the meeting is adjourned, what happens to arya and sansa?
answer they'll never know her because she's not one of them
question what does arya say they'll never know daenerys because she's not one of them?
answer they are the last of the starks
question what does arya say they can't only trust the people they grew up with?
answer half-brother or my bastard brother
question what is arya's brother?
answer my brother
question what is jon's brother's name?
answer secrecy
question what did jon swear about daenerys' heritage?
answer arya and sandor
question who departs winterfell?
answer arya moves to ride alongside sandor
question who asks why arya was leaving winterfell?
answer cersei and the mountain
question what two men intend to seek revenge on?
answer the camp of the northern army
question where do the two arrive the night before battle is set to begin?
answer night guard
question who stops arya and sandor?
answer beaten down by the world and driven by nothing the desire for vengeance
question what does sandor do to arya?
answer 'sandor'
question what does sandor call arya for the first time?
answer dragon's flames
question what kind of flames does arya escape?
answer knocked unconscious
question how is arya unable to help anyone?
answer battle of king's landing
question when is the battle of king's landing over?
answer tyrion
question who is involved in the trial of daenerys?
answer yara greyjoy
question who agrees with the idea of unsullied doing what they want with jon?
answer lords of westeros
question who should choose their new king or queen?
answer sansa declares the north's independence
question what does arya withhold at the meeting?
answer uncharted waters
question where does arya depart?
answer gender roles, courtly virtues, class distinctions, and the expectations of her parents and siblings
question what social expectations are arya unconstrained by?
answer her spirited indifference to rules
question what does arya make others smile?
answer murder and death
question when she watches her pet, sword instructor, friends, and family members taken from her one by one, what happens to her?
answer her urge to seek revenge on those who have wronged her and her family increases
question when she witnesses and learns of the betrayal and murder of her family at the red wedding, what happens to her?
answer poisoned wine
question what did arya not attempt to hide her glee over slitting walder frey's throat?
answer psychological mind games
question what has arya shown to be willing to use to worsen her enemies fate?
answer ser meryn
question who did polliver gouge the eyes of before stabbing him?
answer vengeance
question what does arya choose to do against her enemies after learning that her family has retaken winterfell?
answer staying out of politics
question what does arya prefer?
answer speak out against her
question why did arya not actively speak out against daenerys?
answer arya withholds her vote for bran
question what does arya withhold during the council meeting to elect the next monarch?
answer her preferring to let sansa speak for her family on political matters
question what does all of this speak to?
answer crimes against her or her family
question what does arya's list contain?
answer roose bolton
question who was never included in arya's kill list?
answer ramsay
question who was roose bolton's son?
answer theon greyjoy
question who did arya not include for taking winterfell in the first place?
answer ilyn payne
question who was the executioner who beheaded her father?
answer pancreatic cancer
question what type of cancer did ilyn payne develop after season 2?
answer left-handed
question what role does maisie williams play arya?
answer right-handed
question what is maisie williams's position in the books?
answer hardcore fans
question who would be outraged if she didn't play arya left-handed?
answer maisie williams
question who wore large, millimeter-wide contact lenses?
answer cannot be seen through
question how can arya see her eyes?
answer wildly turning around unable to see her surroundings
question when arya is blinded, how did she see her eyes?
answer the production team
question who told williams to use the blinding-contacts from the start?
answer closeups
question when did williams explain that the true blindness contacts were only used?
answer tiny pinprick holes
question what kind of holes did williams switch to when she was blind?
answer wide-shots
question what were the times when williams is moving around and wearing the alternate contacts she can actually see through?
answer kristina baskett
question who was a stunt double for maisie williams in the role of arya stark?
answer darker
question how is arya portrayed in the a song of ice and fire novels?
answer murders people without any provocation
question how does arya lose her humanity?
answer nine
question how old is arya when king robert arrives at winterfell?
answer tomboy
question who does arya want to learn how to fight with a sword and ride horses?
answer grumpkin
question who stole arya's real sister?
answer trueborn
question what did jon assure arya that she is?
answer arya horseface
question what is arya's long face called by her sister and her sister's friends?
answer arya underfoot
question what is arya known as by the winterfell staff?
answer a good shot with a bow
question what is arya underfoot in the tv series?
answer wishes she could
question what did arya do in the novels?
answer reciting the names of her enemies
question what is something that yoren starts doing on her own?
answer varys
question who told yoren that lord eddard was to be given mercy, allowed to take the black, and would be traveling back with him to the wall
answer someone should kill him
question what did joffrey respond to when he said something must have gone wrong?
answer tywin's cupbearer
question what role does tywin serve in season of the tv series?
answer harrenhal in season
question where was arya's storyline at?
answer rape and murder
question what is arya exposed to on a regular basis after being captured by ser gregor clegane's men?
answer weese
question who beats arya?
answer chiswyck
question what is the name of the man-at-arms for gregor clegane?
answer tickler and amory lorch
question who are not killed by jaqen h'ghar?
answer she feels safe with the northern soldiers
question why does arya leave harrenhal?
answer winterfell and bran and rickon
question who died in the fall of arya bolton?
answer vargo hoat
question who is a sellsword for arya?
answer godswood
question where does arya pray to the old gods?
answer stolen horses
question what do the guards ride away from harrenhal?
answer robb
question who was declared the new king in the north?
answer princess
question what is arya normally not referred to as?
answer a princess
question what does robb, catelyn, and the freys refer to arya as when brokering their marriage-alliance?
answer boss arya around
question what does elmar try to do to arya?
answer two of her brothers are dead
question how many of arya's brothers are dead?
answer she loses all sympathy for him
question what happens when arya responds derisively?
answer cleos frey
question who has been acting as an envoy ferrying peace terms between robb and tyrion lannister?
answer jaime
question who did catelyn release in the hope that her last daughter can be returned to her?
answer a map she stole from roose
question what map does hot pie use to guide them through the riverlands?
answer paying for the horses they're taking once the war is done
question what is the promise of the brotherhood without banners?
answer negotiate
question what does arya try to do with the brotherhood without banners?
answer harwin
question who is the former member of the stark household guard?
answer hot pie
question who remains at the inn?
answer her only true friend
question what does arya describe gendry as?
answer platonic
question what is the relationship between arya and gendry?
answer bella
question who offers to have sex with gendry?
answer edric dayne
question who shows interest in arya?
answer once
question when does a love song appear in the series?
answer the brotherhood
question who is arya pained when he chooses to stay behind with?
answer during their stay in a town
question when does another member of the brotherhood capture the hound?
answer hollow hill
question where is beric hiding?
answer fights him in a trial by combat and loses to the hound
question what does beric do to the hound?
answer furious
question what does arya feel is allowed to go free even though he is guilty?
answer refuse and continue on their journey
question what does the hound do after they leave the hollow hill to take arya to riverrun?
answer wolf child
question what kind of child does the ghost of high heart look at arya?
answer blood child
question what is the name of the wolf child?
answer cruel
question what do you think you are to come to my hill?
answer summerhall
question where did arya gorge on grief?
answer dark heart
question what kind of heart does arya have?
answer begone!
question what does arya wonder if the woman is mad?
answer mad
question what does arya wonder if the woman is?
answer thoros
question who sees that catelyn isn't at riverrun?
answer brynden tully
question who does the brotherhood plan to take arya to?
answer the wedding is already over and the feast has commenced
question when does the hound plan to get catelyn to the twins?
answer freys and boltons
question who attacks the northerners before they can get very far?
answer knocks her out and carries her off
question what does the hound do to catelyn?
answer arya insists on going back for her mother
question what does the hound refuse to do when catelyn wakes?
answer depression
question what does arya go into when she finds catelyn's body in nymeria?
answer brienne of tarth and podrick payne
question who do arya and the hound encounter in the novels?
answer polliver, the tickler and a sarsfield squire
question what do arya and the hound fight at the crossroads inn?
answer severely injured
question what happens to the hound during the fight?
answer arya refuses to give him a merciful death, and leaves him to die on his own
question what does arya refuse to give him a merciful death?
answer silver
question what does arya do not take?
answer saltpans
question where does arya ride to to find a ship that will take her to jon at the wall?
answer kindly man
question what can arya only identify as in a feast for crows?
answer obedient
question what must arya be at all times and in all things?
answer a husband of her choice
question what can arya find?
answer staying
question what does arya insist on?
answer hides the sword with the intention of reclaiming it one day
question what does needle do to arya?
answer waif and umma
question what two cooks do arya spend time with?
answer brusco
question what is the name of the fishmonger arya works for?
answer cat of the canals
question what name does arya try to use during her first tasks?
answer braavosi
question what language does brusco learn to master?
answer gossip, rumors, interesting pieces of information, professional secrets, etc
question what do brusco tell the kindly man three new things she learned?
answer growls in her sleep
question what do brusco's daughters note about her wolf dreams?
answer cat
question what was arya's job as?
answer someone else
question what is arya indifferent to hear about her aunt's death?
answer samwell tarly
question who saves arya from two bullies?
answer dareon
question who announces that he plans to make a life for himself in braavos?
answer she has no right to kill the deserter
question why does arya dissociate herself from her past?
answer warm milk
question what does the kindly man give arya?
answer the kindly man
question who gives arya her first assignment to kill the old insurance seller?
answer arya is uncertain whether to fulfill her mission
question what is arya uncertain about?
answer his hands are shaking
question what does the kindly man do to arya?
answer izembaro
question where does the kindly man order arya to begin her first apprenticeship?
answer unclear
question what is the reason arya is not ordered to kill any of the actors?
answer mercy
question who is the new identity of the kindly man?
answer rafford
question who does arya notice while she is there?
answer jeyne poole
question who is forced by the lannisters to pose as arya?
answer he must put aside past ties to his family but finds he is unable to truly do so
question what does jon do as a member of the night's watch?
answer mance rayder
question who does melisandre send to save arya?
answer a noble family
question what does jon try to find to foster arya across the sea?
answer alys karstark
question what is jon's closest relationship to arya?
answer threatening
question what letter does ramsay send to jon?
answer castle black
question where does jon decide to rescue arya from the boltons?
answer walder frey
question who does melisandre not add to her list?
answer sugarcoated
question what type of portrayal did arya lose her humanity?
answer the only rule is might makes right
question what did arya realize was the duel between beric and the hound?
answer dareon and the old insurance seller
question who does arya murder people who have not done her, her family or friends any ill?
answer a need for her
question what has arya become?
answer she does not really care whom she kills
question what does arya seem to care about?
answer arya flint
question who was eddard's maternal grandmother?
answer mountain clans
question what clan did the main novels mention that eddard's grandmother was from?
answer hardy
question what type of folk are winterfell?
answer house mormont
question what clan is located just off the northwest coast?
answer stannis
question who joins the clans in his military campaign against the ironborn and the boltons?
answer five
question how many novels is arya the only character to have pov chapters in?
answer save %
question what percentage of disney's star daenery targaryenrhaegar targaryenarya starksansa star
answer king robert baratheon
question who is the warden of the north?
answer the north
question what is one of the constituent regions of the seven kingdoms?
answer mad king
question who executed brandon?
answer brandon
question what is bran's name when he has done something wrong?
answer climbing the walls of winterfell
question what is bran's favorite hobby?
answer his brothers
question under whom does bran practice archery?
answer an assassin
question what is the name of the assassin who attempts to kill bran?
answer end of bran's bed
question at what end of bran's bed does summer stand guard?
answer lady
question what is the name of sansa's direwolf?
answer duncan the tall
question who did old nan tell bran about the winter?
answer robb's distress
question what does bran say he would rather be dead to?
answer maester luwin
question who is confident that tyrion's saddle will work?
answer horseback
question what does luwin suggest bran could learn to use a shortbow from?
answer a boar
question what injured robert baratheon while hunting in a drunken state?
answer farewell
question what does bran say to robb when he leads the stark armies to war?
answer osha
question who is the servant of winterfell?
answer three-eyed raven
question what is the name of osha's dream?
answer catacombs
question what does bran taunt osha about?
answer recites the names of his deceased relatives as they pass them
question what is the name of bran's deceased relatives?
answer ned
question who was in bran's dream?
answer shaggydog and rickon
question who are the names of bran's relatives?
answer osha and bran
question who go back to the surface and try to soothe bran's worries about his father?
answer summer
question what is the name of bran's dream as he sees his reflection in the godswood?
answer red comet
question what is the name of the wolf above bran?
answer all the dragons are dead
question what does bran say about the return of dragons to the world?
answer wolf
question what is the name of summer's dream?
answer through the wolf's eyes
question what does summer see himself awakening?
answer beings who could implement themselves in the minds of animals
question what did maester luwin say he once heard of?
answer lord of winterfell
question what does bran sit at the high table as?
answer ser rodrik cassel
question who is the lord of winterfell?
answer leaves abruptly
question what does ser rodrik cassel do to winterfell?
answer torrhen's square
question what has been besieged by ser rodrik?
answer theon
question who does bran surrender winterfell to?
answer he should yield the castle to protect his people
question what does theon tell bran that he has seized winterfell?
answer public announcement
question what does theon say bran reluctantly complies with?
answer rodrik
question who is captured on his return from torrhen's square?
answer pressured to execute him
question why is theon forced to execute winterfell?
answer botched execution
question what does theon carry out?
answer two
question how many charred corpses did bran and rickon return to winterfell?
answer jack and billy
question who are the two orphan boys that bran and rickon had previously assigned to assist a shepherd?
answer his mentor
question who does bran make a tearful farewell to?
answer chasing the three-eyed raven
question what does bran dream about?
answer raven
question what does bran try to shoot?
answer hodor
question who does bran awaken for a moment?
answer black magic dreams
question what does osha say they have enough problems without?
answer jojen reed
question who is bran's sister?
answer the sight
question what is the rare gift of seeing the past and present through his dreams?
answer he must follow the raven
question what does jojen advise bran to follow?
answer osha and meera reed
question who does bran solve a dispute between osha and meera reed?
answer seizure
question what does jojen reed experience while sleeping?
answer osha's story
question what story did bran and jojen listen to?
answer she lost her husband
question what happened to osha?
answer a band of wildlings chasing down an old man
question what does the group notice after seeking shelter in a derelict windmill?
answer thunder
question what sounds terrify hodor?
answer silence
question what does jojen tell hodor?
answer unintentionally
question what does bran use his warg powers to render hodor unconscious?
answer summer and shaggydog
question where does jojen convince bran to skinchange?
answer greatjon umber
question who is a loyal bannerman of the starks?
answer osha and shaggydog
question who does bran bid a tearful farewell to?
answer nightfort
question what castle is rumored to be haunted?
answer jojen
question who tells sam that they are going beyond the wall?
answer sally port
question what secret does sam show to the white walkers?
answer the reeds, hodor and summer
question who did bran pass beyond the wall?
answer heart
question what tree does bran skinchange with?
answer they wake him up
question what angers bran?
answer if he stays in the wolf too long, he will stay in summer permanently and lose everything he has ever known
question what do they warn bran that if he stays in the wolf too long, he will stay in summer permanently and lose everything he has
answer where they have to go
question what does bran tell the others that he knows?
answer craster's keep
question where is bran held?
answer faint sounds of a baby's cries
question what sounds do bran and his companions hear?
answer ghost, jon's direwolf
question what does bran find in summer's mind?
answer trap
question what trap does summer catch before he can free ghost?
answer karl
question who is the prisoner for summer and ghost?
answer rast
question who threatens to kill hodor?
answer his brother
question what does bran decide to do to fulfill his destiny?
answer locke
question who searches for bran and attempts to escape the keep with bran?
answer crawl over to him
question what do bran try to do to get his attention?
answer leave
question what does bran prepare to do if he goes with jon back to castle black?
answer jojen is fatally stabbed
question why is jojen fatally stabbed?
answer child of the forest
question who leads the group into a cave after burning jojen's body when she dies?
answer wights cannot enter
question what does child of the forest explain?
answer jojen knew what would happen the moment he left, and went anyway
question what did meera say about jojen?
answer meera
question who asks how he knows jojen?
answer the hour is late
question what does the raven tell bran that he did not want anyone to die for him?
answer so that bran could find what he lost
question what did the raven say jojen died?
answer if the raven will help him walk again
question what does bran ask the raven to do to jojen?
answer fly
question what does the raven say bran will never walk again?
answer he breaks down and leaves the room
question what happens when sansa asks if he knows where they might have gone to?
answer renewed hope
question what does sansa feel about the revelation that bran and rickon are still alive?
answer greensight
question what is the name of the name of the three-eyed raven who visits winterfell in the past?
answer rodrik cassel
question who was bran's father ned and his uncle benjen stark?
answer wylis
question what is the name of the stable boy hodor used to be before he became simpleton?
answer he may become too enamored with the past to want to return to reality
question what does the three-eyed raven warn bran about?
answer it is no longer safe anywhere outside
question where does bran remind meera that she was having trouble coping with the loss of jojen?
answer leaf
question who tells meera of bran's importance to bran's future?
answer tower of joy
question where did bran and the three-eyed raven view the events that unfolded towards the end of robert's rebellion?
answer howland reed
question who is one of ned stark's bannermen?
answer ser arthur dayne and lord commander gerold hightower
question which two kingsguards guard the tower of joy?
answer eight
question how many men are duel at the tower of joy?
answer arthur dayne
question who defeats nearly all of ned's retainers?
answer not as honorable
question what did bran feel about the stories he heard?
answer dawn
question what is the name of the sword that ned partially decapitated?
answer lyanna
question what is the name of the woman screamed from the tower?
answer confused
question why does ned stop to look around?
answer the three-eyed raven
question who brings both ned and bran out of the past?
answer thousands of years ago
question how many years ago did bran and the three-eyed raven witness the creation of the first white walker?
answer to prevent the first men from destroying more of their sacred weirwood trees
question why did leaf confess to the revelation?
answer ancestral culture
question what culture did bran recall that made the white walkers a necessary action?
answer the weirwood
question what does bran connect with without the consent of the raven?
answer past and future events
question what is benjen still caught in visions about?
answer a hooded person
question who is able to kill all the wights?
answer uncle benjen
question what is the name of bran's uncle?
answer children of the forest
question who stopped benjen from becoming a wight?
answer magic
question what happens to bran and meera?
answer alone
question what do bran and meera leave by the weirwood?
answer crawl over to it
question how does bran see the weirwood?
answer robert baratheon
question who implored ned to protect him from?
answer eddison tollett
question who led the men of the night's watch?
answer wierwood tree
question what tree did the white walkers see from the night's watch?
answer dragonstone
question where does jon leave winterfell?
answer the godswood of winterfell
question where do sansa and bran talk by the weirwood tree?
answer ramsay bolton
question who did bran tell sansa about her white wedding dress when she married?
answer maester wolkan
question who made bran's wheelchair?
answer war of the five kings
question what was the name of the assassin that petyr responds to?
answer chaos is a ladder
question what does bran say to varys after thwarting his plan to marry sansa to loras tyrell?
answer lord stark
question what does petyr say to bran?
answer greywater watch
question where does bran ask if she is leaving?
answer eastwatch-by-the-sea
question where are the ravens dangerously close to?
answer night king
question who spots bran and dispels the warged ravens?
answer his mother
question who was bran's former childhood friend?
answer elia martell
question who did the high septon secretly annul rhaegar's marriage to?
answer robert's rebellion
question what was based on a lie?
answer aegon targaryen
question what is jon's name?
answer jon and daenerys
question who greet bran when they return to the north?
answer he is not angry, much to jaime's astonishment
question what does bran say he is not angry, much to jaime's astonishment?
answer great council of ac
question which council votes bran as king of the six kingdoms?
answer grey worm
question who does tyrion convince to let the new king of the seven kingdoms decide jon's fate?
answer he is a reluctant ruler and has the best story, being the memory of the world
question why does tyrion believe bran should be king?
answer why did he think he came all this way
question why does tyrion ask bran to lead the seven kingdoms to the best of his abilities?
answer if they have heard where drogon went
question what does bran ask if they have heard where drogon went?
answer dragon
question what does drogon decide to look for when they are unable to give a satisfying answer?
answer curious and adventurous
question what type of boy did bran have before his fall?
answer curiosity
question what was the main reason for bran's fall?
answer melancholy
question what did bran turn towards after his fall?
answer extremely adventurous nature
question what type of nature did bran have?
answer riding
question what did bran love as much as he did climbing?
answer acting lord of winterfell
question when robb left to fight tywin, what was the name of bran's role?
answer whether or not bran could walk again
question what was one of the first things bran pressed about when he reached the three-eyed raven?
answer disappointed
question what does bran feel about the prospect of returning to the real world?
answer breaking hodor's mind
question what did bran realize he was responsible for in the first place?
answer battle at the cave of the three-eyed raven
question what battle has bran's powers taken since?
answer extremely calm
question what has bran become to a fault?
answer littlefinger and varys
question who did bran have a conversation with during the battle at the cave of the three-eyed raven?
answer rhaegar and lyanna
question who were secretly married to bran?
answer bran stark
question who is one of the most powerful human magic users in game of thrones?
answer game of thrones
question what game has bran stark shown himself to be one of the most powerful human magic users?
answer histories & lore
question what is the name of the video wargs and the sight on the season blu-ray?
answer season
question what season does bran stark not appear in?
answer david benioff
question who explained that bran stark caught up with his material from the most recent book?
answer brown
question what type of hair does bran have on a song of ice and fire?
answer tommen baratheon
question who did robert baratheon spar with when bran visits winterfell?
answer seven gods
question who does catelyn pray to to keep bran from leaving winterfell?
answer jaime lannister
question who shoved bran out of a tower window?
answer three-eyed crow
question what is the name of the three-eyed crow in the series?
answer visions of the present and potentially the future
question what does bran see in a coma after the fall?
answer his disability
question what does bran learn about when he wakes from his coma?
answer king robert and father
question which two men were to their graves?
answer his older brother
question who struggles to take on robb's role as lord?
answer his father has been executed
question what does bran learn about robb?
answer growing skinchanging abilities
question what does bran's second novel focus on?
answer rodrik cassel and maester luwin
question who is responsible for the decision making of winterfell?
answer a harvest feast
question what is held at the castle now that autumn has begun?
answer jojen and meera reed
question who reaffirm the crannogman's oath of fealty to house stark?
answer prophetic visions or green dreams
question what does jojen share with bran?
answer the third season
question when are the reeds introduced?
answer the sea
question what is one of jojen's visions?
answer deepwood motte
question where is rodrik distracted by the attack on winterfell?
answer reek
question who is a winterfell prisoner who served the presumed dead ramsay snow?
answer osha the wildling
question who helped the reeds escape from winterfell?
answer circling back to hide in the castle's crypts
question what do the reeds end up circling back to hide in the castle's crypts?
answer ramsay snow
question who sacks winterfell and takes theon prisoner?
answer luwin
question what is the name of the dying person in the godswood?
answer to split bran and rickon up for safety
question what does theon advise the reeds to split bran and rickon up for?
answer third novel
question what book does bran spend traveling to the wall with the reeds?
answer house liddle
question where do the reeds come upon a man who seems to recognize who bran is due to his direwolf and paralysis?
answer wildlings
question what do the children see jon fighting below them?
answer to fight them off
question what do the children see jon fighting wildlings below them?
answer coldhands
question who instructed sam and gilly to send bran and his party through the wall to meet him on the other side?
answer a direwolf
question what is the name of the paraplegic man accompanied by?
answer black gate
question where does sam bring the wildlings to?
answer three times
question how many times does sam swear that he will not tell anyone about meeting bran?
answer weirwood roots
question what does the body of the three-eyed crow have?
answer he can't
question what is the answer to the three-eyed crow?
answer sam
question who helps the children to the other side without his instruction while they make their way to the cave on their own?
answer king of the andals and the first men
question who is the lord of the seven kingdoms?
answer tywin lannister
question who was the daughter of lord?
answer joffrey, myrcella and tommen
question who were the bastard children of jaime lannister?
answer the house lannister
question what was the name of cersei?
answer iron throne
question what was the last monarch to sit on?
answer joanna lannister
question who was cersei's wife?
answer casterly rock
question where was cersei raised?
answer young girl
question what was cersei known for?
answer four years old
question when did cersei's mother die?
answer kings landing
question where did cersei have other partners?
answer rhaegar targaryen
question who did cersei hope she would marry?
answer reluctant
question what was melara's desire to marry?
answer queen
question what did cersei reveal to her that she would be cast down by another, younger and more beautiful queen?
answer when she married robert and became queen
question when was cersei married to king robert baratheon?
answer refused to have the body taken from her
question what did cersei refuse to have the body taken from her?
answer hatred
question what did cersei's feelings for robert turn to?
answer lord jon arryn
question who was the hand of the king?
answer jaime refuses
question what does queen cersei believe jaime could be the next hand?
answer lord eddard stark
question who is cersei's best friend?
answer retinue of courtiers
question who accompany cersei?
answer lyanna stark
question who is the former betrothed?
answer cordial words
question what do cersei and catelyn stark exchange?
answer eddard and robert
question who do cersei and jaime go hunting?
answer derelict tower
question where do cersei and jaime liaise?
answer sexual intercourse
question what does bran stark find cersei and jaime engaged in?
answer watching by cersei
question who caught bran stark?
answer a sense of safety
question what does jaime feign bran with?
answer how old bran is
question how old is bran?
answer ten
question how many times does bran respond to bran?
answer it no mercy to let the boy live
question what did cersei note about bran?
answer tommen and myrcella
question who laugh when tyrion tells his family what he plans to do while at the wall?
answer a fever
question what was the cause of the death of catelyn's first child?
answer her prayers and tears were for naught
question what did cersei and robert say were grief-stricken?
answer arya's direwolf and joffrey
question who was the cause of the incident between cersei and eddard?
answer the direwolf
question what does cersei insist must be killed?
answer sansa's wolf, lady
question what is the name of the wolf that cersei has killed when nymeria cannot be found?
answer when he is king
question when does cersei tell joffrey that the truth will be whatever he decides it will be?
answer double their taxes
question how much will he force the starks to contribute to a standing army?
answer too vast and wild
question what does cersei believe the north is to be militarily conquered by outsiders?
answer cleverer
question what does cersei believe he will need to be as king?
answer drunken robert
question who embarrasses cersei?
answer eddard
question who does cersei visit at his chambers?
answer she truly loved him
question what did cersei tell robert that at the start of their marriage?
answer ned.cersei and king robert
question who do cersei and robert visit as he recovers from wounds sustained fighting jaime and his guards?
answer she scolds him
question what does eddard do to cersei?
answer across the face
question what does eddard hit cersei?
answer ned.eddard
question who confronts cersei and tells her he knows her children are fathered by jaime?
answer she and her brother belong together, always
question what does neddard say cersei and her brother belong together?
answer lyanna's name
question what did cersei whisper on their wedding night?
answer in the game of thrones, you win or you die
question what does cersei tell ned?
answer queen regent
question what role does cersei serve as following robert's death?
answer eddard protector of the realm and regent
question who is robert's name?
answer petyr 'littlefinger' baelish
question who tries to reveal the truth with eddard?
answer his guards
question who is killed by eddard?
answer the letter merely encourages robb to raise an army and march into the riverlands to confront the lannister armies directly
question what does the letter backfire as it encourages robb to raise an army and march into the riverlands to confront the lannister armies?
answer open court
question in what court does cersei encourage sansa to make a new plea to joffrey for her father's life?
answer eddard stark
question who 'confesses' ned's crimes?
answer ser ilyn payne
question who is the royal executioner?
answer the iron throne
question what did cersei attempt to secure her son's hold on?
answer king robert
question who was lancel's cousin?
answer to prevent further refugees from entering the city
question what does cersei order the gates barred to prevent further refugees from entering the city?
answer threatens her life
question what does cersei do when she slap him?
answer a citywide massacre of robert baratheon's bastard children
question what do cersei order to have no rival claimants in case his true parentage is revealed?
answer king robb stark
question who refuses a request for aid from the night's watch?
answer lord janos slynt
question who is the commander of the city watch?
answer displacing her loyal servant
question what did cersei confront him for?
answer the weight of responsibility
question what is tyrion upset at?
answer killing their mother
question what was tyrion's finest joke about her relationship with jaime?
answer house martell of dorne
question what does pycelle inform cersei of tyrion's plans to marry myrcella into?
answer breaking his confidence
question what did pycelle do to cersei?
answer battle of oxcross
question at what battle did robb stark win a major victory?
answer pycelle
question who does cersei want to release?
answer lancel lannister
question who is pycelle's cousin?
answer middle of the night
question when does lancel arrive?
answer king renly baratheon
question who was killed in the death of cersei?
answer king stannis baratheon
question who has assumed control of renly's army?
answer dorne
question who is cersei irate about?
answer alchemists' guild
question what guild is cersei relying on to supply wildfire?
answer one day
question how often does tyrion threaten to deprive myrcella of someone he loves?
answer smallfolk
question what is the name of the starving crowd in the red keep?
answer to lead them to safety
question what does tyrion do to the lannister guards?
answer motherhood
question what does cersei offer sansa advice on?
answer weak
question what does love make you?
answer madness
question what does cersei fear is the price for joffrey's sins?
answer defense of the city
question what is joffrey keen to fight in?
answer lannister necklace
question what necklace did tyrion give her?
answer take revenge
question what does tyrion vow to do when cersei least suspects it?
answer essence of nightshade
question what poison did cersei obtain from the pycelle?
answer praying
question what does cersei try to keep up the morale of the women?
answer red keep
question ser ilyn is there to kill the women if what is breached?
answer stone pillar
question what is the name of the pillar that cersei pushes tommen into?
answer ser mandon moore
question who is the kingsguard?
answer stripped of his power
question why is tyrion left to recover from his wounds?
answer ros
question who does cersei release?
answer margaery tyrell
question who does joffrey ask joffrey to marry?
answer round of applause
question what kind of applause did the court welcome the decision?
answer leave her guards outside
question what did cersei agree to do to her guards?
answer nine years old
question when did cersei discover that a servant girl had stolen a necklace?
answer clever man
question what does the queen admit to tyrion?
answer abruptly and just in time
question when does cersei leave to prevent meryn trant and bronn from exchanging blows?
answer loras and margaery tyrell
question who are the guests of cersei and joffrey's dinner party?
answer food aid
question what did margaery hand out to the smallfolk of the city?
answer winning the hearts and minds of the common people
question what is margaery skilled at?
answer her son and future daughter-in-law
question who did margaery trade veiled insults with?
answer harlot
question what does margaery dress like for a reason?
answer tower of the hand
question where is tywin lannister's meeting place changed?
answer one side of the table
question where are all of the seats on tywin's landing?
answer lady olenna
question who does cersei speak with?
answer margaery
question who takes joffrey with her to greet the common people?
answer margaery and joffrey
question who waved to the crowd outside the sept of baelor?
answer lord baelish
question who does cersei and littlefingercersei encounter?
answer loras
question who does littlefinger agree to marry to sansa?
answer cersei and tyrion lannister
question who observes loras and sansa from cersei's chambers?
answer battle of the blackwater
question what battle did cersei accuse his sister of trying to kill him?
answer sooner rather than later
question when does tyrion decide to dieh sansa's hopes?
answer sister
question what does margaery threaten to have margaery strangled in her sleep?
answer removing his footstool
question what do joffrey ridicule tyrion?
answer torment sansa
question where does joffrey head to during the wedding feast?
answer to speak with margaery
question what does cersei do to margaery tyrell?
answer blackwater bay
question where does cersei stare?
answer cersei, tywin and joffrey
question who listens to tyrion's threats?
answer the rebellion
question when does tywin call out tywin's cowardice?
answer if she is happy as she has children
question what does tyrion ask her if she is happy as she has children?
answer she is not happy
question what does cersei admit to being unhappy with tyrion?
answer myrcella
question who was born in the red keep?
answer when this will end
question what does tyrion ask her when they have dealt with all their enemies?
answer seashells
question what is on cersei's bed?
answer she refuses him
question what does jaime do when she attempts to make love to her?
answer joffrey and margaery
question who is cersei present at?
answer the rest of the royal family
question who does cersei sit with during the wedding feast?
answer brienne of tarth
question who congratulates the king and margaery?
answer curtsy
question what did cersei do instead of bowed?
answer walking off
question how does brienne respond to cersei?
answer leave her alone
question what does cersei tell pycelle to do?
answer the dogs
question who did cersei order pycelle to give the leftovers to?
answer cersei threatens to have him killed if he does not
question what does pycelle threaten to have him killed if he does not?
answer oberyn and ellaria
question who do cersei and tywin meet?
answer publicly embarrassing
question what was tyrion's speech?
answer choke on his wine
question what does joffrey begin to do?
answer blood flowing from his eyes and mouth
question what does tyrion die in her arms?
answer blind rage
question what kind of rage does cersei accuse tyrion?
answer kingsguard formations
question what did cersei know about for protecting tommen?
answer catelyn stark
question who released sansa stark from his captivity?
answer he swore by all the gods that he would bring back catelyn stark's daughters to her
question what did jaime say he swore by all the gods that he would bring back catelyn stark's daughters to
answer silent
question what does jaime remain?
answer lord commander
question what does cersei refer to him as?
answer tommen
question cersei and margaery discuss who's future?
answer lollys stokeworth
question who did cersei arrange for him to marry?
answer gregor
question who manages to maneuver clegane to the ground and crush his skull?
answer ser gregor's wounds
question who was treated for the wounds of clegane's sister?
answer loras tyrell
question who does cersei say she will not consent to marry?
answer twin brother
question what is the name of the rumors cersei and jaime have about her relationship with?
answer kisses him passionately
question what do cersei do to jaime?
answer her wishes to continue their relationship regardless of what others may say
question what does she reaffirm her love for her twin brother?
answer gold
question what hand does cersei kiss as a symbol of her acceptance?
answer jaime and their father's corpse
question who is cersei alone with?
answer high septon
question who stops cersei?
answer all the power and prestige their father built for house lannister belongs to them now
question what does jaime warn that their father built for house lannister belongs to them?
answer lancel
question who has recovered from tywin's wounds at the blackwater?
answer kevan
question who apologizes for the appearance of tywin's son?
answer his prayers for tywin's soul
question what does cersei do to tywin's soul?
answer stuffed red viper
question what holds myrcella's necklace in its jaws?
answer the lannisters
question who blames dorne for the deaths of oberyn and elia martell?
answer bringing our daughter home
question what does jaime promise that i'm going to dorne?
answer qyburn's lab
question who donates cersei's head to?
answer queen mother
question what does kevan remind cersei of?
answer sept of baelor
question when is margaery incensed to find the crowd cheering cersei's name?
answer stone-faced
question what is the name of margaery?
answer tommen's libido
question what do cersei find her bragging about to margaery's handmaidens?
answer backhanded compliments and subtle barbs
question what do cersei do with margaery?
answer losing
question what happens to margaery?
answer mildly amused and not particularly sympathetic
question what is cersei's attitude to the high septon's plight?
answer high sparrow
question what is the name of the town cersei visits?
answer the black cells
question what does the high septon throw in?
answer margaery and tommen's relationship
question what did tommen's tone of voice suggest loras was allowed to happen in order to interfere with?
answer house bolton
question who is winterfell 'allying' herself with?
answer the boltons
question who has betrayed cersei?
answer the vale army
question who could mop up the remains of cersei?
answer warden of the north
question what is the only boon littlefinger wants for his service?
answer engineering
question what did cersei play a part in during loras tyrell's trial?
answer olyvar
question who is loras's lover?
answer the sept
question what event did the high sparrow give cersei a speech about?
answer tyrells
question who will be revealed for all the world to see, as in the case of everyone, including cersei herself?
answer her face
question what is the last thing they will see before they die?
answer septa unella
question who visits cersei for the next few days?
answer treason, incest and regicide
question what are the charges against cersei?
answer she can still confess
question what does qyburn tell cersei?
answer his work is progressing
question what does qyburn tell cersei before he leaves?
answer make her a lady of the capital
question what does cersei offer to do when she visits her again?
answer unella
question who licks the water from the dungeon floor?
answer to confess her sins
question what happens when cersei is brought to the high sparrow?
answer adultery
question what does cersei confess with ser lancel lannister?
answer stand trial
question what does the high sparrow say cersei has to do?
answer stripped naked and washed
question what is the name of the cell where cersei is brought to?
answer angry mob
question who escorts cersei through?
answer the red keep
question where does cersei make it to?
answer kevan lannister, grand maester pycelle and qyburn
question who is the uncle of cersei?
answer cloak
question what does qyburn cover cersei's body with?
answer seven foot
question how tall is the mountain?
answer the huge knight
question who lifts cersei up and carries her away?
answer maggy's prophecy
question what prophecy does cersei believe their children's deaths are destined according to?
answer smashing his head against the wall
question how does the king's landing knight kill cersei?
answer cersei and jaime
question who visits qyburn in his lab?
answer spies
question what does qyburn order qyburn to place all over westeros?
answer kevan, pycelle, olenna and mace tyrell
question who refuses to accept cersei, jaime and gregor?
answer grand maester
question who claims that cersei is offering his wisdom to the king?
answer private
question where does cersei speak with tommen?
answer idealistic
question what is the high sparrow?
answer kevan and olenna
question who tells cersei of her plan?
answer the mountain
question who will win her trial by combat?
answer goodbye
question what does jaime kiss?
answer rise of the sparrows
question what does olenna express to cersei?
answer margaery and loras
question what are the two reasons for olenna to stay in king's landing?
answer faith militant
question who dragged loras and margaery away?
answer the faith militant
question who entered the red keep?
answer the sept of baelor
question when does the high sparrow want to speak with cersei?
answer not a request
question what does lancel tell her that the high sparrow wishes to speak with her at the sept of baelor?
answer ser gregor clegane
question who threatens the faith militant?
answer violence
question what does cersei say she chooses when ser gregor clegane threatens the faith militant?
answer the kingsguard
question who does the faith militant attack?
answer kevan lannister
question who asks cersei why she was not informed?
answer reluctantly
question when does cersei take her place in the great hall?
answer king tommen baratheon
question who says that the crown and the faith are the two pillars that hold up this world?
answer the father
question who does baratheon say judges all the people of the seven kingdoms?
answer seven septons
question how many septons would loras and cersei stand trial before?
answer ornately
question how does cersei dress on the day of her trial?
answer fine
question what kind of clothes does cersei wear on the day of her trial?
answer the great sept
question where does cersei not show up for her trial?
answer aerys ii
question who placed a large cache of wildfire underneath the sept?
answer light candles
question what do qyburn's little birds have to shrink to a size in which the cache can be ignited?
answer shame
question what does cersei call continuously upon her departure?
answer unella is not going to die for some time
question what does cersei say unella is not going to die for?
answer ashes
question what is buried at the ruins of the sept?
answer queen of the seven kingdoms
question who is the queen of the seven kingdoms?
answer euron greyjoy
question who did cersei and jaime meet with to discuss a possible alliance?
answer gift that will win her heart
question what did euron promise to return with?
answer lord randyll tarly
question who urged nobles from the reach to reaffirm their allegiance to the iron throne?
answer targaryen's dothraki and unsullied hordes
question who would pillage their lands and homes?
answer qyburn
question who replies that he is at work on a solution?
answer cersei and qyburn
question who test the ballista?
answer daenerys' dragons
question what dragon was wounded by a spear at meereen?
answer balerion the black dread
question who is the dragon of aegon the conqueror?
answer ellaria and tyene sand
question who poisoned myrcella?
answer the sons and daughters of westeros
question who compromised euron's defence?
answer ellaria
question who does cersei taunt?
answer her captive's fury
question what does cersei understand about ellaria and tyene?
answer bernadette
question who tells cersei that tycho nestoris of the iron bank of braavos has arrived?
answer highgarden
question which bank did bernadette hope to get a loan after jaime took?
answer slavery
question why did daenerys end her wealth in slaver's bay?
answer battle of the goldroad
question in what battle did jaime inform cersei of their defeat?
answer the lannisters have no chance of defeating daenerys
question what does jaime insist that the lannisters have no chance of defeating daenerys?
answer a queen
question who is the throne cersei occupies?
answer olenna tyrell
question who confessed to joffrey's murder?
answer dany
question who is seeking an armistice when cersei asks if daenerys wants to negotiate a surrender?
answer bronn
question who secretly organized the meeting between tyrion and jaime?
answer arranging the clandestine meeting with tyrion
question what did jaime plan to punish bronn for?
answer lion
question who does cersei believe does not concern himself with the opinions of the sheep?
answer rhaegal
question who is flying overhead when cersei demands to know where her rival is?
answer tyrion, daenerys, and jon
question who try to warn cersei of the greater threat coming for them all?
answer wight
question sandor returns with the crate containing what?
answer a massive kick
question what does sandor give the crate?
answer shock
question what did the assembled look on as the wight's upper half still moves around?
answer if the wights can swim
question what does euron ask about the wights?
answer euron
question who announces to cersei his intention to withdraw the iron fleet back to the iron isles?
answer never been terrified until now
question what did euron declare to cersei that he had been over the whole world?
answer retreat to her island while he returns to his own
question what do daenerys tell daenerys to do when they are the only two left alive?
answer she and daenerys
question who does cersei declare that there will be no truce if it is just?
answer trade savage barbs
question what did tyrion do to cersei?
answer myrcella and tommen
question who did tyrion love most as much as cersei?
answer cersei does not give the order
question what does a tense moment pass in which cersei does not give the order?
answer the wine
question what does tyrion head straight for?
answer cersei is pregnant
question what does tyrion believe cersei is pregnant?
answer the lannister army will march north to fight alongside the starks and targaryens
question who will the lannister army march north to fight?
answer an eager and relieved jaime meets with his commanders to discuss the logistics of moving the army north
question what does jaime meet with his commanders after the enemy delegation has left?
answer dismissing the commanders
question who does cersei tell jaime he is the stupidest lannister?
answer the starks and targaryens
question who will come seeking revenge over the fact cersei betrayed and left them to die?
answer he, at least, will fight to honor the pledge he made
question what does jaime declare that he will fight to honor?
answer ser gregor
question who blocked jaime's way when he tries to leave?
answer bluff and storms out
question what does jaime call her if he tries to leave?
answer snow
question what happens to jaime as she watches jaime leave?
answer the wall has been breached
question what happened to cersei as the golden company ferry into the bay?
answer harry strickland
question who is the capain of the golden company?
answer her chamber
question what chamber does cersei follow her into?
answer sex
question what does cersei call euron the most arrogant man she's ever met?
answer pensive
question what does cersei's face become drawn when he claims he will make her pregnant?
answer drogon
question who did daenerys have to slaughter cersei's forces and civilians in king's landing?
answer numb denial
question what does cersei spend much of the battle in?
answer maegor's holdfast
question what is the name of the red keep that cersei gives in to qyburn's suggestion to leave?
answer the cellars
question where do cersei and cersei flee?
answer nothing else matters except them
question what does jaime hugs cersei?
answer crushed by debris
question what happens to cersei as they embrace for the final time?
answer threats and persecutions
question what is tyrion free from with cersei dead?
answer selfishness, jealousy, megalomania and stupidity
question what caused the destruction of cersei lannister's house?
answer ruthless, willful, cold, ambitious, and cunning
question what does cersei believe she is willing to betray anyone who trusts her?
answer arrogant and self-centered
question what is cersei's fault?
answer manipulating enemies
question what is cersei prone to being unskilled at?
answer she does not even realize her own limitations
question what does cersei's father say she isn't as intelligent as she thinks?
answer she utterly lacks the strategic ability necessary for her role as queen
question why did cersei's schemes backfire on her?
answer falsely confess to treason
question what did cersei's scheme do before exiling him to the wall?
answer to undermine the tyrells' plot to marry loras to sansa
question what did cersei's scheme do to undermine the tyrells' plot to marry loras to sansa?
answer the sparrows were loyal to her alone
question what did cersei believe did not allow her to understand that the same tactics she used against the tyrells could also be used against her?
answer the battle of king's landing
question when did cersei lose all of her scheming?
answer servants
question who raised cersei?
answer calm and regal control
question what does cersei try to exude in public?
answer childishly flippant
question what is cersei's usual response to when things do not go her own way?
answer her enemies don't understand this trait of her
question what does cersei's inability to foresee the full consequences of her plans combine with?
answer ruthlessness
question what is cersei's advantage against her enemies?
answer irrationally blame other people for problems
question what is cersei's tendency to do?
answer her failure to stop joffrey from executing ned and igniting a war
question what did cersei forget about tyrion's actions?
answer after their father's death
question when did cersei openly ignore that she was the one who made the mistakes that destabilized more and more the position of their family?
answer extreme loathing over trifles
question what is cersei's behavior capable of switching between?
answer dishonestly manipulate other people
question what does tyrion say cersei uses her honest feelings to do?
answer her fear for the safety of her children
question what is true about cersei?
answer a woman
question what does cersei despise the restraints placed on her?
answer several of the noble houses in the seven kingdoms have more liberal attitudes when it comes to involving female members of their family in politics
question what does the seven kingdoms have more liberal attitudes when it comes to involving female members of their family in politics?
answer young age
question from what age are the women of house tyrell trained in the skills of ruling?
answer cement a marriage alliance and raise royal children
question what was cersei's duty to do?
answer too impatient and rash
question what does tywin believe cersei is?
answer right or wrong
question what is the practical result of cersei's refusal to be skilled in ruling or political intrigue?
answer not giving her the years of training needed to rule
question what does cersei blame her father or society for?
answer mistreating women
question why is cersei angry at men?
answer unable to act as a stable moral instructor
question what is cersei's lack of a parental relationship reflected in?
answer extensions
question what does cersei treat her children as?
answer a nurse
question who did cersei refuse to allow her children to be breasfed by?
answer she is not so much worried about their happiness and well-being as angered that something she feels belongs to her is being taken away
question when events threaten to take any of her children away from her?
answer a smug
question what kind of smug did cersei watch as the sept explodes with innocent people?
answer she is obsessed with her mental constructs of them
question what does cersei do to her children?
answer spoiled him rotten
question what did joffrey's overindulgence do?
answer protecting her last living child, tommen
question what did cersei do after the destruction of the great sept of baelor?
answer olenna tyrell and pycelle
question who deprived cersei of power?
answer recklessness and slight mental imbalance
question what does cersei show on her part?
answer the death of walder frey as well as the freys' apparent military incompetence
question what happened to cersei as well as the freys' military incompetence?
answer iron bank
question what bank has the crown debt to?
answer inability to see the far-reaching consequences of her actions
question what was cersei's lack of ability to see the far-reaching consequences of her actions?
answer her love for her own children
question what was cersei's sense of morality attributed to?
answer tommen, joffrey and myrcella
question who are all dead in the great sept of baelor?
answer wildfire
question what did cersei use to destroy the great sept of baelor?
answer half a mile
question how long did the great sept of baelor last?
answer shamelessly sadistic
question what did cersei appear to have become in regards to her crimes?
answer tyene
question what was the name of ellaria sand's daughter?
answer prince oberyn
question who died to ellaria?
answer ned stark
question who did olenna tyrell mention before cersei's death?
answer hypocrisy
question what does cersei maintain?
answer disrespecting jaime as the stupidest lannister
question what has cersei become more arrogant and callous with her ascension to queen?
answer hurt
question what is the feeling of cersei's ascension to queen?
answer allowing the enemies to eliminate each other
question what does cersei express her need to protect their new child?
answer her children and her lover, jaime lannister
question what is cersei lannister's character?
answer when you play the game of thrones, you win, or you die, and there is no middle ground
question what does cersei's behavior reinforce?
answer her tragic and inglorius death
question what happened to cersei's game of thrones?
answer her brother
question what does cersei drown in her tears with as comfort until the end of the battle of king's landing?
answer corpse
question what does only appear as?
answer lena headey
question who became pregnant just before season began filming?
answer keeping the camera frame above her waist or having her sit at a table
question what did the production team work around cersei's pregnancy?
answer billowing sleeves
question what do most of cersei's costumes have in front of her to hide her pregnancy?
answer body doubles
question what was shot from behind in quick-cuts?
answer they are both completely naked and have an extended conversation intermixed with lovemaking
question what does the sex scene with lena headey do?
answer rebecca van cleave
question which model used a body double before season's mother's mercy?
answer she would not reveal who the father was, or any other details about her personal life
question why was headey upset about the media about the divorce of her first marriage?
answer when she first became pregnant
question when did headey reveal that she was pregnant with her second child?
answer a song of ice and fire
question in what series is cersei a beautiful but cold woman who does not get along with her husband?
answer dotes on and loves her three children
question what does cersei do?
answer her options for power are limited by her gender
question what is cersei frustrated by?
answer four years
question how old is peter dinklage in the a song of ice and fire series?
answer fourth
question in which novel does cersei become a pov character?
answer eddard and sansa stark
question who are cersei's brothers?
answer hatred for its father
question why did cersei abort her child?
answer unaware
question who was cersei unaware of both the pregnancy and the abortion?
answer willas tyrell
question who is mace's eldest son and heir?
answer prince oberyn martell and balon greyjoy
question who are also suggested as a match for cersei?
answer before cersei is forced to marry anyone
question when does tywin die?
answer seven kingdoms
question what kingdom does cersei rule as queen regent?
answer paranoid and vindictive
question what does cersei grow to become?
answer too costly
question what happens to cersei's schemes?
answer osney kettleblack and lady taena merryweather
question who are the two characters of questionable loyalty?
answer alcoholic
question what does cersei become during her reign?
answer paranoia
question what does cersei interpret every statement, causal comment or even a smile as a plot against her?
answer tommen's hand
question what does kevan advise cersei to appoint randyll tarly or mathis rowan as?
answer nonstop demands
question why is cersei annoyed at the tyrells?
answer rugen
question what is the name of the jailer who disappeared the night tyrion escaped?
answer the walls of the red keep
question where does cersei think tyrion is still hiding?
answer gerold darkstar dayne
question who attempted to kill myrcella?
answer aurane waters
question who is the bastard of cersei's fleet?
answer iron bank of braavos
question who does cersei refuse to honor the crown's debt to?
answer regent
question what does cersei want to do with hand of the king?
answer fierce argument
question what happens when cersei threatens kevan?
answer an unfit mother
question what does kevan call kevan?
answer wine
question what does cersei throw in kevan's face?
answer harys swyft
question who did cersei choose instead of kevan?
answer discourage other bounty hunters
question what does cersei fear that doing so will allow tyrion to escape?
answer lancel lannister and osmund kettleblack
question who did tyrion believe cersei was cheating on him?
answer osney kettleblack
question who does cersei order to seduce margaery?
answer blue bard
question who is tortured by cersei?
answer the plot backfires
question what happens when the high septon grows suspicious of kettleblack's confession?
answer never touched margaery
question what did kettleblack say he has been sleeping with cersei?
answer sycophants
question what do the unworthy people that cersei has appointed to the small council act as?
answer mace
question who will storm king's landing?
answer precautions
question what does cersei agree must be taken?
answer sleeping with lancel and others
question what did cersei confess to?
answer walking naked through the streets of king's landing
question how is cersei allowed to return to the red keep?
answer ser robert strong
question who is the re-animated gregor clegane?
answer cersei lannister
question what is ser-see lan-iss-ter?
answer ser-see lan-iss-ter
question what is cersei lannister pronounced?
answer pt:cersei lannister
question what is the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name
answer sam & bucky daenerys
question who are the celebrate new poster boys?
answer starkarya stark
question what is the name of the new poster boys sam & bucky daenery boys targaryenrhaegar targaryen
answer celebrate new poster boys
question sam & bucky daenery targaryenrhaegar targaryensansa starkarya stark?
answer daenerys stormborn
question what is the name of queen daenerys i targaryen?
answer cersei i lannister
question who was queen daenerys i targaryen's predecessor?
answer never
question when was queen daenerys i targaryen crowned?
answer timid, obedient
question what kind of youth did daenerys initially become?
answer timid
question what kind of youth was daenerys initially obedient?
answer conquerer and ruler
question what kind of ruler did daenerys become?
answer targaryen madness
question what madness did daenerys succumb to?
answer razing king's landing
question what was the name of the land that killed daenerys?
answer bran the broken
question who succeeded daenerys?
answer king aerys ii targaryen
question who was the mad king?
answer sack of king's landing
question when did daenerys' father die?
answer the king in the north
question what did jon become when he joined the night's watch?
answer orphan
question what was daenerys's mother's name?
answer ser willem darry
question who was viserys' brother?
answer magister illyrio mopatis
question who gave viserys and daenerys sanctuary?
answer when his temper is risen
question when does viserys hit daenerys?
answer meek and malleable
question what did viserys's domination leave her?
answer she has no choice
question what does viserys tell daenerys?
answer his sister
question what does viserys fondle under the pretext of examining how she has grown?
answer too hot
question what does daenerys' servant warn her of when she enters a bath?
answer drogo
question who did viserys insist on daenerys's marriage to?
answer without dismounting from his horse
question what does drogo ride away after taking a glance at daenerys?
answer illyrio
question who assures viserys that if he did not approve of daenerys, they would have known?
answer daenerys is not pleased with the arrangement and blurts out that she does not want to marry drogo
question who does viserys blurt out that daenerys does not want to marry drogo?
answer forty thousand
question how many of drogo's men were raped by viserys?
answer magister illyrio
question who gives dany three dragon eggs?
answer ser jorah mormont
question who is a knight of westeros?
answer white mare
question what is the name of the mare that drogo gives dany?
answer jorah
question who tells her that there is no word for the dothraki word for 'thank you'?
answer drogo continues
question what does daenerys do on their wedding night?
answer halt
question what does daenerys command the khalasar to?
answer rakharo
question who defends daenerys from his attempts at violence?
answer ser jorah
question who did daenerys beg her men to spare viserys?
answer pregnant
question what does daenerys discover she is with drogo's child?
answer drogo's approval
question what does daenerys expect to have a son?
answer the pregnancy
question what buoys the love between daenerys and drogo?
answer vaes dothrak
question where do daenerys and the khalasar arrive?
answer mormont
question who points out the difficulties of persuading the dothraki to cross the narrow sea?
answer if their opponents retreated behind stone walls
question why would the dothraki not be able to root them out?
answer selling the poachers as slaves to raise money for his expensive wife
question what does jorah admit to selling the poachers as slaves to raise money for his wife?
answer rags of savages
question what does viserys react angrily at being dressed in?
answer heavy gold belt
question what does daenerys hit viserys across the face with?
answer a furious daenerys
question what angrily reminds viserys of her position as drogo's wife and the mother of his child?
answer dragon eggs
question what does daenerys study?
answer stone
question what is illyrio's claim that dragon eggs are now only?
answer nothing happens
question what happens to daenerys's disappointment?
answer she will burn herself
question what does irri think she is removing the egg from the brazier when irri comes in?
answer irri
question who takes the egg from daenerys?
answer rhaego
question what is the name of daenerys's unborn son?
answer stallion who mounts the world
question who is the khal of khals who will unite the dothraki into a single horde that will over
answer fire cannot kill a dragon
question what does daenerys believe viserys was not a true dragon?
answer dothraki
question who does not trust ships and water their horses cannot drink?
answer viserys
question who is dead?
answer a wineseller
question who attempts to poison daenerys to fulfill robert's orders?
answer blood and fire
question what does drogo swear will lead his forces across the narrow sea and seize the seven kingdoms?
answer khalasar
question what is the name of the 'lamb-men' that drogo leads into the lands of lhazar?
answer loot and slaves
question what do the dothraki seize?
answer better treatment
question what does daenerys do to the dothraki?
answer mago
question who is one of drogo's riders?
answer chest wound
question what does drogo sustain?
answer mirri maz duur
question who is one of the women daenerys has saved?
answer deformed
question what is the name of the child that daenerys discovers drogo?
answer vegetative
question what state does duur leave drogo in?
answer the death of daenerys's son
question the ritual that saved drogo drew its power from what?
answer distraught
question who is daenerys?
answer a pillow
question what must daenerys smother drogo?
answer funeral pyre
question what does daenerys construct for drogo's body?
answer she steps into the blaze
question what does daenerys say she will lead them to a great destiny?
answer their queen and leader
question what do dothraki proclaim daenerys?
answer raw meat
question what does daenerys refuse to feed her newborn dragons?
answer her sons
question what does daenerys see the dragons as?
answer rakharo was caught and killed by a rival khalasar
question what did ser jorah mormont believe was the cause of rakharo's death?
answer night lands
question what land does irri believe the mutilation will prevent rakharo from entering?
answer burn his body
question what does daenerys promise to do to rakharo?
answer kovarro
question who returns with an invitation from the great city of qarth?
answer the thirteen
question who is the ruling council that refuses daenerys entry?
answer spice king
question what order does xaro xhoan daxos vouche against?
answer tricks
question what does pyat pree witness?
answer doreah
question who suggested that daenerys use her skill as a lover to find out more about xaro?
answer pyat pree of the warlocks of qarth
question who is daenerys introduced to?
answer house of the undying
question where does pyat pree invite daenerys to visit?
answer valyrian stone vault
question what does xaro show daenerys?
answer council of jorah
question who does daenerys seek?
answer xaro's debt
question what does xaro counsel against entering?
answer depth
question what does xaro reveal about his feelings for daenerys?
answer take the harder path
question what does xaro agree with daenerys?
answer she has no army and has no open supporters in westeros
question what does daenerys consider to be too risky an investment?
answer she will have to do it without his ships
question what does the spice king say she will have to do without his ships?
answer khalasar slain
question what did daenerys find?
answer half
question how many of daenery's men have been brutally murdered?
answer pyat pree
question who is left terrified by daenerys?
answer xaro
question who announces his intention to seize control of the city?
answer thirteen duplicates
question how many duplicates does pyat pree create to murder the rest of the thirteen?
answer pyat
question who is revealed to be another one of the duplicates?
answer astapor
question where has daenerys recently booked passage to?
answer empty circular
question where does daenerys find herself?
answer her deceased husband and stillborn-son
question who does daenerys experience a vision of?
answer tempting visions
question what is daenerys presented with?
answer drogo's tent
question where does daenerys walk through the gates of the wall surrounded by more snow?
answer whose dream they are in
question what does drogo talk about?
answer pyat's magic
question who chained daenerys?
answer unconcerned
question what is the name of the young queen who regards pree with a cool, almost lazy gaze?
answer dracarys
question who is incinerated after a couple of tries?
answer qarth
question where does daenerys depart from?
answer proves something can easily come from nothing
question what does daenerys observe when it is empty?
answer the closing door
question doreah and xaro are locked into the empty vault to die, their pleas cut off by what?
answer xaro's household
question where does daenerys salvage enough to buy a ship?
answer small dogs
question what was the size of daenerys's dragons?
answer hunting fish for themselves
question what were daenerys' dragons capable of?
answer army
question what does daenerys need?
answer slave-soldiers
question what does daenerys know would become problematic in westeros?
answer dothraki khalasar
question what do daenerys consider expanding?
answer missandei
question who translated low valyrian into the common tongue of westeros for daenerys?
answer kraznys mo nakloz
question who is the owner of the unsullied barracks?
answer valyrian
question what does kraznys not know about daenerys?
answer slicing off the nipple of one soldier
question what do the unsullied do not fear pain or death?
answer no sign of pain
question what does kraznys show to the unsullied?
answer killing a newborn slave child in front of its mother
question what does daenerys learn about the unsullied?
answer kraznys
question who is outraged by the unsullied regime?
answer eight thousand
question how many unsullied soldiers are there for sale?
answer kraznys and his ilk
question who did jorah recommend that daenerys purchase the unsullied?
answer playing child
question who follows daenerys and jorah?
answer hooded man
question what is the name of the man who follows daenerys and jorah?
answer a wooden ball
question what does the child give daenerys a gift?
answer hooded stranger
question who knocks daenerys out of her hand?
answer a manticore
question what does the ball release to daenerys?
answer ser barristan selmy
question who kills daenerys with his dagger?
answer house targaryen
question who did ser barristan beg her forgiveness for failing during robert's rebellion?
answer queensguard
question in return for his wrongs, ser barristan offers to serve in what?
answer her dragons
question what are key to winning the iron throne?
answer criticizing her decision in public
question what did daenerys scold jorah and selmy for?
answer she does not
question what does missandei respond to?
answer high valyrian
question what does missandei know?
answer golden whip
question what is the symbol of ownership over the unsullied?
answer march forward and then halt
question what did daenerys order the unsullied to do?
answer to hurt no innocent people
question why did kraznys order the unsullied to kill all the slave masters and free all the slaves in astapor?
answer to burn kraznys alive
question what does daenerys order to do when kraznys desperately shouts for someone to kill her?
answer she addresses all of her unsullied warriors and tells them they are now free
question what does astapor say to all of her unsullied warriors?
answer leaving unharmed or fighting under her command as free men
question what does daenerys give them the option of fighting under her command as free men?
answer his spear
question what does one unsullied soldier beat against the ground?
answer follow suit
question what did the rest of the unsullied follow shortly after daenerys sack astapor?
answer her dragons fly overhead and roar triumphantly
question what do the unsullied warriors do?
answer yunkai
question what is the next great city of slaver's bay?
answer guerrilla tactics
question what does jorah believe yunkai's defenders will use against her army?
answer yunkai campaign
question what does jorah view as a distraction from their main goal of taking westeros?
answer hundreds of thousands
question how many slaves do yunkai have?
answer wise masters of yunkai
question who is razdal mo eraz?
answer numerous armies throughout history had tried and failed to conquer it
question what did razdal claim to have prevented daenerys from attacking his city?
answer gold and ships
question what did razdal provide to her to transport her army to westeros?
answer peace
question where will daenerys leave yunkai?
answer slave-masters of yunkai
question who did daenerys give razdal an ultimatum?
answer yunkai's powerful friends
question what do razdal threaten to use to destroy her?
answer daenerys's dragons
question who makes threatening gestures toward razdal?
answer unable to reclaim the chests of gold he had brought with him
question why is razdal unable to reclaim the chests of gold he brought with him?
answer armored and mounted
question what are the second sons?
answer barristan
question who does daenerys tell to organize a meeting with the second sons' captains?
answer captains mero
question who does dany meet with?
answer no dragons
question how many dragons did daenerys have a year ago?
answer two days
question how long does daenerys give them to make up their mind?
answer daario
question who suggested attacking the city through its lightly defended back gate?
answer to infiltrate the city and open the main gates for the rest of the army to invade
question what did daario plan to do to sack yunkai?
answer flirt with her
question what did daario try to do during the war meeting?
answer slave soldiers
question who guarded yunkai?
answer targaryen forces
question who captured yunkai within a few hours?
answer mhysa
question what did people of yunkai celebrate daenerys as?
answer freedom
question what did daenerys tell the slaves that it was their own choice to reach for?
answer old ghiscari
question from what language did the liberated slaves use daenerys as their mhysa?
answer glimmer of hope
question what did the former slaves see daenerys as in an increasingly dark world?
answer drogon's head
question what does daenerys stroke?
answer without warning
question what does drogon do to daenerys?
answer contest the kill
question drogon roars and goes to what?
answer her own children would threaten her
question drogon snarls a warning at his mother?
answer grey worm and daario naharis
question who is absent and sets out to find them after being told they are gambling?
answer which of them will ride up front with her in the vanguard
question what do grey worm and daario naharis decide on?
answer jorah and barristan
question who does daenerys say the honor goes to?
answer ride at the back with the livestock
question what does daenerys order the two men to do?
answer a new queen
question what does daenerys say the last man holding his sword will find to fight for?
answer instantly drop their swords
question what do both daario and grey worm drop their swords?
answer cliffside
question where does daario meet missandei?
answer knowing her surroundings
question what is important to missandei's strategy?
answer a crucified slave
question what does daenerys find on the road to meereen?
answer ser barristan
question who offers to have outriders go ahead and bury them?
answer daario naharis
question who is dany's champion?
answer riding knight of meereen
question who challenges daenerys to choose a champion that will fight for her?
answer the broken chains
question what did naharis catapult from the slaves she has freed across the city walls?
answer the great masters
question who looks on as the slaves examine the broken chains?
answer the slaves rise up against their masters, kill some of them and open the gates to daenerys
question what is the success of the slave revolt in meereen?
answer shouting mhysa and throwing their old slaves' collars at her feet
question what do the freedmen of meereen celebrate her arrival?
answer targaryen banner
question what banner covers the great harpy of meereen?
answer she wouldn't be able to hold all the seven kingdoms
question what did jorah say she might be able to take king's landing?
answer cleon
question who has overthrown the council she has left behind to rule in astapor?
answer to gather more knowledge and experience
question what does daenerys decide to stay in meereen?
answer petitions
question what does daenerys set up the time to hear from her new subjects?
answer goatherd
question what is one of daenerys's first subjects?
answer hizdahr zo loraq
question who asks to be allowed to bury his father?
answer hizdahr
question who swayed daenerys?
answer mercenary
question who wants to give daario flowers?
answer killing men and loving women
question what are the two talents daario asks to indulge in?
answer police work doesn't do the trick
question what does daario say does not do?
answer he will continue boring patrol work
question what does daenerys do if he is sworn to her?
answer earlier
question when daenerys leaves, jorah observes that he is what?
answer to accompany hizdahr to yunkai
question what does daenerys instruct jorah to tell daario that she has changed her mind?
answer daenerys and missandei
question who is in her chambers with missandei?
answer gazing
question what did missandei catch while she was bathing naked downstream?
answer no
question what does missandei say missandei thinks he was spying on her?
answer none of the unsullied desire women
question what does missandei say grey worm isn't interested in?
answer both
question who did missandei say he was interested in?
answer the masters
question who does missandei ask if a slave is castrated?
answer she doesn't know
question what does missandei say about grey worm?
answer thoughtful
question what does missandei say she has?
answer signed
question when did daenerys counter that the pardon was forged?
answer forged
question what did daenerys claim the pardon was?
answer essos
question where did varys confess to giving varys information on daenerys's activities?
answer because he knew it might be coming
question why did daenerys retort jorah's actions stop her from being poisoned?
answer selling her secrets to the man she holds responsible for the death of her family
question what did daenerys say he betrayed jorah?
answer spares his life
question what does jorah give him a day to leave meereen?
answer slaver's bay
question where will jorah's head be thrown?
answer fennesz
question who approaches the throne of daenerys?
answer master mighdal
question who employed fennesz as a teacher for his own children?
answer master mighdal's house
question where did fennesz stay after she took the city?
answer mighdal's children
question who asked fennesz to stay in her house after she took the city?
answer mess halls
question what did daenerys insist she had established to feed the freed slaves and barracks?
answer the young prey on the old, harassing and robbing them
question what does fennesz say he has visited the refugee centers?
answer lost his livelihood and his purpose
question what did fennesz believe he was too old to start anew?
answer to beg her permission to sell himself back to mighdal
question who did daenerys come to to beg her permission to sell himself back to?
answer a goat or a chair
question what does fennesz want to own as a slave?
answer fear and squalor
question what does daenerys implores her that the young who can adapt rejoice in her new world?
answer supplicants
question who is waiting outside to make similar requests?
answer one year
question how long was fennesz's labor contract with mighdal?
answer leaves
question what does fennesz earnestly thank her?
answer a shepherd
question what is the name of the supplicant who enters the labor contract with mighdal?
answer charred bones
question what is the name of a human child?
answer removal of the golden harpy from the top of the great pyramid
question what happened to the golden harpy?
answer white rat
question who was murdered after the removal of the golden harpy from the top of the great pyramid?
answer the sons of the harpy
question who did daenerys request that he be buried with full honors in the temple of the graces?
answer allowing the fighting pits to reopen
question what did hizdahr refuse to support?
answer they try to attack upon hearing her voice and she is forced to flee
question what does daenerys try to attack upon hearing rhaegal's voice?
answer mossador
question who was the freed meereenese slave?
answer her enemies' lies
question what does barristan consider her father's lies?
answer her enemies did not lie
question barristan insists that what did daenerys do to her enemies?
answer burned men alive with wildfire
question what did barristan tell daenerys about her father's killings?
answer targaryen
question who was killed in the rebellion?
answer she is not like her father
question what does daenerys assure barristan about?
answer son of the harpy
question who did daenerys promise not to have executed without a fair trial?
answer killing the son of the harpy broke the law
question what did mossador say broke the law?
answer freedom and justice
question what did daenerys promise when she conquered meereen?
answer the unsullied
question who escorted daenerys away from the riots?
answer meereen
question what was dany's reign over?
answer heartbroken
question what is daenerys left as she gazes at drogon from the distance?
answer singing
question what did viserys say rhaegar loved?
answer drunk
question what happened to rhaegar's money at a minstrel?
answer he has her well protected
question what does daario assure her about hizdahr?
answer music
question what did daenerys tell barristan to do in the city below?
answer sons of the harpy
question who is dany devastated upon learning of ser barristan's untimely death?
answer the dragons
question what does daenerys force the leaders forwards towards?
answer refusing to open the fighting pits
question what did missandei do to daenerys?
answer wed herself to hizdahr
question what does daenerys decide to do to secure her bondage with the noble people of meereen?
answer jealousy
question what does daario suggest about her marriage to hizdahr?
answer daznak's pit
question what pit does dany view the fighters training for?
answer knocking them down one by one using non-lethal means
question what caused daenerys to become intrigued by the newcomer?
answer a gift
question what does jorah shout out that he has brought daenerys?
answer tyrion lannister
question who is jorah's companion?
answer lannister
question who did tyrion and jorah doubt about?
answer she spares jorah's life and banishes him from meereen again
question what did tyrion's advice do to jorah?
answer revenge against the lannisters
question what do daenerys think about executing tyrion for betraying her family?
answer she consolidate her power in meereen and build a new kingdom for herself
question what does daenerys suggest that she consolidate her power in meereen and build a new kingdom for herself?
answer she'll only stay in meereen long enough to stabilize the situation
question what does daenerys say she'll stay in meereen long enough to stabilize the situation?
answer to break the wheel
question what does daenerys say she intends to do?
answer she will take him on as an advisor
question what does daenerys inform tyrion that she will take him on as an advisor?
answer tyrion lannister, missandei, hizdahr zo loraq, and daario naharis
question who is hizdahr zo loraq, missandei, and daario naharis?
answer great games
question when does hizdahr tell her to clap her hands?
answer a spear
question what does jorah hurl at the royal box?
answer jorah and daario
question who evacuated daenerys from the royal box?
answer the center of the pit
question where do the unsullied defenders stand?
answer closes her eyes
question what does daenerys do to missandei?
answer drogon bites and mercilessly burns the nearest ones to death
question what do the sons scatter in terror as drogon bites and mercilessly burns the nearest ones to death?
answer spears
question what do the sons rally enough to attack drogon?
answer targaryen dragonrider
question what is the name of the first dragonrider in over a century?
answer daario, jorah, missandei and tyrion
question who look on in astonishment as drogon soars away?
answer atop an impressive hill in a sea of green grass
question where is daenerys far away from meereen?
answer food
question dothraki bloodriders are surrounded by a khalasar?
answer dothraki bloodriders
question what kind of bloodrider emerges from daenerys?
answer minutes
question how long is a khalasar surrounded by daenerys?
answer a ring
question what does the khalasar remove?
answer khal moro
question who is the leader of the khalasar?
answer his bed slave
question what does khal moro say daenerys is nothing more than?
answer a khal
question who is forbidden to sleep with a widowed khaleesi?
answer strip her of her clothing and jewelry
question what do the other widowed khaleesi give her traditional dothraki clothing?
answer khalar vezhven
question where will the khals decide daenerys fate?
answer the dosh khaleen
question who introduces daenerys to other former khaleesi?
answer twelve
question how old is ornela?
answer the high priestess
question who gives daenerys permission to relieve herself outside?
answer cancel their rescue plan
question what do jorah and daario tell daenerys to do?
answer she will lead them herself
question what does daenerys declare to the khals that none of them are fit to lead the dothraki?
answer moro and the khals
question who burst into laughter after a pause?
answer her husband
question who declared that he would lead a dothraki army to retake the iron throne for his khaleesi
answer bowing khalasar and dosh khaleen
question who do daenerys gaze at?
answer the center of the temple
question where does daenerys knock over the braziers?
answer the khals
question who attempts to escape the rapidly spreading fire?
answer moro
question who attempts to confront daenerys a final time?
answer confusion
question how do the dosh khaleen and khalasars gather?
answer naked and unburnt
question what does daenerys emerge?
answer high priestess
question who follows daenerys and the rest of the dosh khaleen?
answer saving her life
question what did daenerys thank jorah for?
answer greyscale
question what is jorah's condition?
answer a thousand
question how many ships does daario have?
answer she takes what is hers
question what does daenerys believe she is a conqueror more than anything else?
answer when daenerys senses something in the distance and rides ahead to investigate
question what happens to the conversation between daenerys and daenerys?
answer conquer westeros
question what do daenerys vow to lead them to?
answer tyrion, missandei and grey worm
question who mistakenly discovered daenerys on the balcony of the great pyramid?
answer slaver fleet
question who is currently besieging daenerys and tyrion?
answer diplomacy
question what do daenerys plead for to return their cities to the dirt?
answer razdal mo eraz, belicho paenymion, and yezzan zo qaggaz
question who are the slave masters of daenerys?
answer missandei and the unsullied
question who will be sold back into slavery?
answer rejects
question what does daenerys do informing them they aren't meeting for her surrender?
answer rhaegal and viserion
question who break free from the catacombs of the great pyramid?
answer yara and theon greyjoy
question who do daenerys and tyrion meet with?
answer firm
question what does daenerys stand for?
answer yara reluctantly agrees to her terms
question what does yara agree to?
answer open sea
question what do the dothraki do on?
answer marriage
question what is still daario's most valuable bargaining chip when considering new alliances?
answer kings have mistresses, and queens should be no different
question what does daenerys point out about kings having mistresses and queens?
answer no woman
question what does daenerys muses?
answer bay of dragons
question what does daenerys assure daenerys that she'll leave specific instructions for him to follow in governing?
answer unconditionally
question what did daenerys feel she was able to dismiss someone who loves her?
answer tyrion's rule of meereen
question what does daenerys turn the topic to in her absence?
answer believes in her
question what does daenerys believe he gave up on believing in himself?
answer the brooch of the hand of the queen
question what is the pin that tyrion made for him?
answer kneel
question what does tyrion do in front of daenerys?
answer the summer sea
question where does daenerys sail with the liberation of slaver's bay?
answer targaryen black
question what color is daenerys clad in?
answer painted table of westeros
question what is the name of the table that daenerys asks her hand when they can begin their conquest?
answer the night of her birth and the storm that came with it
question what did members of varys council comment on?
answer targaryen restoration
question what did varys want to do with viserys?
answer advise her when she goes wrong
question what does varys want to do instead of betray her?
answer red priests
question who supported daenerys in meereen?
answer siding with stannis
question melisandre is immediately pardoned for what?
answer gender-neutral
question what does missandei say the prophecy is in the language melisandre used?
answer ellaria sand and tyrion
question who did daenerys stop arguing over the assassination of myrcella baratheon?
answer a dragon
question what does olenna encourage daenerys to be?
answer torrhen stark
question who was jon's ancestor?
answer a graveyard
question what does jon insist her kingdom will be?
answer lord commander of the night's watch
question what role did davos start stating jon's achievements during his time as?
answer sacrifice and hardship
question what was jon's journey to his present standings as fraught with?
answer it may take longer to win the iron throne from cersei
question why does jon refuse to bow to dany?
answer her claim to the throne rests on her descent from a king his family helped overthrow
question what does jon say about daenerys?
answer ellaria, the sand snakes, yara and the remaining greyjoy forces are either dead or captured
question who are the remaining greyjoy forces dead or captured?
answer letting jon mine and make weapons of the dragonglass
question what did tyrion talk about to jon?
answer if jon is to be their ally
question what does tyrion insist must be shown from jon's side?
answer dragonglass
question what does daenerys allow jon to mine?
answer lost loved ones
question what do daenerys and jon have?
answer refusing to bend the knee
question what does jon say he hasn't changed his mind about?
answer underground cave
question where does jon lead daenerys through?
answer the first men
question who did the children of the forest depict?
answer awestruck
question what is daenerys feeling when he bends the knee?
answer his own pride
question what is more important than the lives of the northmen?
answer flying to the red keep and burning it to the ground
question what did daenerys impulsively suggest to tyrion?
answer all her followers saw her accomplish the impossible
question what did daenerys tell her about the dragons to destroy the castles and cities of westeros?
answer using the dragons to destroy the castles and cities of westeros would make her no different than the ones she is trying to overthrow
question what would make daenerys no different than the ones she is trying to overthrow?
answer dragonfire
question what did drogon blast the lannister-tarly infantry with?
answer dragonfire and cavalry charges
question what combination of dragonfire and cavalry charges overwhelms the lannister-tarly forces?
answer drogon pulls up sharply and the arrows glance harmlessly off his scales
question what do the arrows look harmlessly off drogon's scales?
answer dive-bombing
question what type of attacks do daenerys and drogon launch from above to destroy the lannisters' supply convoy?
answer a giant bolt
question what whizzes right past drogon as he flies and daenerys heads for the scorpion to destroy it?
answer bolt
question what does daenerys attempt to remove from drogon?
answer fire-breath
question what does drogon incinerate the scorpion?
answer the battlefield
question where does drogon land?
answer the riverbank
question where does daenerys dismount?
answer a mounted jaime galloping towards her with a spear in hand
question what does drogon's mother see while trying to do so?
answer bend the knee and join her to build a better world with her
question what does cersei offer the survivors a choice to do?
answer randyll tarly and dickon tarly
question who are the survivors of drogon's battle?
answer his queen
question what does randyll claim he has chosen for his life?
answer dickon
question who follows drogon's father?
answer drogon, viserion and rhaegal
question what do jon and daenerys discuss?
answer her children
question what does drogon claim that the beasts jon sees are?
answer lannisters
question who did daenerys inform jon of her victory over?
answer taking a knife in the heart
question what does daenerys ask him to do for his people?
answer delighted
question who does daenerys embrace jorah?
answer arya and bran
question who are daenerys half-siblings?
answer quips that he is used to saying farewell
question what does jorah quip that he is used to saying farewell?
answer well
question what does jon wish jorah to do in the wars to come?
answer drogo, jorah, daario and jon snow
question who do daenerys discuss with tyrion?
answer stupid, brave things and die
question what do daenerys say they're heroes who do?
answer all the men she's named have all fallen in love with her
question what does tyrion say are heroes who all fall in love with?
answer cersei and how to take king's landing
question what do daenerys discuss with tyrion?
answer it made the lannisters' power brittle
question what did tyrion tell daenerys about fear?
answer aegon
question who did daenerys say got a long way with fear?
answer losing her temper
question what did tyrion lightly admonishes daenerys for?
answer defeat her enemies
question what does tyrion want daenerys to do?
answer she told him she can't have children
question what does tyrion believe daenerys did?
answer after she wins the throne, and leaves
question when does daenerys want to set the discussion aside?
answer eastwatch
question where does daenerys leave?
answer to climb up
question what did the night king do to save jon and his party?
answer viserion
question who does the night king impales with an ice spear through the throat?
answer benjen stark
question who sacrificed jon's life to save him?
answer dragonpit
question where does daenerys arrive on drogon's back?
answer jon, davos, and brienne
question who represent the north and daenerys' court?
answer trick her into lowering her defenses
question what do daenerys and jon try to warn cersei of?
answer claws inches
question what is the length of the wight from cersei's face?
answer to retreat to her island while he returns to his own and to come find him when they are the only two left alive
question what does euron tell daenerys to return to his island?
answer the undead
question who did the starks and targaryens battle?
answer learning to lie just a little might be a good skill
question what does tyrion suggest about learning to lie just a little?
answer if no one is willing to speak the truth
question what do daenerys and tyrion argue about getting cersei killed?
answer cersei alone
question tyrion reluctantly decides that he will go and try to talk some reason into what?
answer it's the only way if they don't want everything they've done to be for nothing and bids them wait
question what does tyrion insist about cersei?
answer her family became less impressive
question what did the power of the dragons waned?
answer the return of all three lannisters
question what interrupts the conversation between daenerys and cersei?
answer logistics
question what do daenerys and her court discuss in the chamber of the painted table?
answer white harbor
question where do jon and the unsullied meet in the chamber of the painted table?
answer jorah mormont
question who points out that the north is not really safer for daenerys than anywhere else?
answer to avoid any potential unpleasantness
question what does mormont suggest that daenerys fly to winterfell?
answer without words
question what do daenerys and jon meet their gaze?
answer shuts the door
question what happens to daenerys and jon after he enters the cabin?
answer make love
question what do daenerys and jon give into?
answer daenerys, jon, and their combined forces
question who march through winter town on their way to winterfell?
answer northerners have a long-established distrust of outsiders
question what does jon remind daenerys of?
answer drogon and rhaegal
question who fly overhead after daenerys's arrival in winterfell?
answer what dragons even eat
question what does daenerys ask about dragons?
answer they don't need to like each other
question what does daenerys say about sansa?
answer a bone pit
question where do daenerys and daenerys come upon the dragons?
answer a waterfall
question where do daenerys and daenerys land?
answer intimate moment
question what do daenerys and jon share?
answer stealing books from the citadel
question what does sam jokingly ask for a pardon for?
answer randyll tarly
question who is daenerys's son?
answer speechless
question what does sam do for a few moments before asking to leave the library?
answer his past actions
question what do the two women berate the kingslayer for?
answer brienne
question who vouches for jaime?
answer daenerys and sansa
question who discuss jon?
answer the night king and the army of the dead
question what are the two women in the north helping fight?
answer the northerners will never truly accept an outsider as their ruler again
question what does sansa believe the northerners will never accept an outsider as their ruler again?
answer winterfell's gates
question where will the army of the dead arrive within a day?
answer battle strategy
question what does daenerys discuss with the commanders and heads of houses?
answer rhaegar did not rape lyanna and they were in love
question what did jon say rhaegar did not rape lyanna?
answer his parentage
question what does jon tell daenerys about?
answer immediately questions the validity of the story
question what does daenerys ask about the story of rhaegar?
answer high in the skies above winterfell
question where are daenerys and drogon attacked?
answer ice spear
question what does the night king throw at drogon?
answer army of the dead
question who falls after daenerys sobbing while drogon wraps around them?
answer pyre
question what do daenerys do after the battle?
answer jorah's forehead
question what does daenerys kiss?
answer the feast inside winterfell
question where does daenerys celebrate?
answer tormund
question who makes a toast to daenerys?
answer he didn't want to be king in the north either
question what did daenerys say he didn't want to be king in the north?
answer refuse the crown
question what do daenerys say he'll do if he doesn't want to be king in the north?
answer it will destroy them
question what does daenerys fear about his parentage?
answer he must tell his sisters because he owes them the truth about who he is
question what does jon insist he must tell his sisters?
answer if jon keeps his identity secret
question what does daenerys believe the only way they can live together?
answer rhaegal is shot by three bolts
question what happens to rhaegal when she rides drogon next to rhaegal?
answer daenerys and drogon
question who does euron's iron fleet try to take down?
answer destroying it and capturing missandei
question what does euron do to daenerys's fleet?
answer treason
question what does a mournful daenerys discover in her ranks?
answer grey worm and the unsullied
question what is the name of daenerys' order to sack king's landing?
answer innocent
question what does tyrion say the citizens of westeros are not daenerys's enemy?
answer thousands
question how many children will die?
answer the full, unconditional surrender of cersei and her army
question what does tyrion call off when the people ring the city's bells?
answer the next time he fails her, it will be his very last
question what does tyrion warn that the next time he fails her?
answer euron's iron fleet
question what does daenerys attack atop drogon?
answer the scorpions stationed across the walls of king's landing
question what do daenerys attack?
answer dothraki, unsullied, the northern and the vale armies
question who can destroy the remaining sellsword contingent and charge into the city?
answer the lannister soldiers and civilians surrender
question what did the lannister soldiers and civilians surrender?
answer run riot
question what did the armies take their lead from daenerys?
answer lannister soldiers
question who is executed after the battle?
answer the dothraki
question who cheers daenerys on?
answer tyrants
question who does daenerys perceive as?
answer freeing his brother
question what does tyrion confront daenerys about?
answer retorts
question what happens to daenerys when he confronts him about freeing his brother?
answer make the people see that they made a mistake, and to make them understand
question what do daenerys do to the people of king's landing?
answer they can't hide behind small mercies
question what does daenerys believe can't be built by those loyal to the old one?
answer one of mercy
question jon argues that their world must be what?
answer she knows what is good
question what does daenerys confidently assert about jon?
answer how they break the wheel
question what does daenerys urge jon to help her build the new world she envisages?
answer a dagger
question what does jon thrust into dany's heart?
answer blood
question how does jon escape daenerys' nose and mouth?
answer grieves over her
question what does jon hold daenerys?
answer snarls at jon
question drogon snarls at jon before trying to nudge his mother awake?
answer never to be seen again
question what happened to daenerys's body?
answer brandon i
question who is the great council of ac?
answer polite and well-spoken
question what kind of person was daenerys?
answer her brother's ambitions and occasional cruel rages
question what was daenerys cowed by as a child and young woman?
answer her time amongst the dothraki
question what taught daenerys pride, confidence, and the skills of command?
answer her own intelligence
question what began to manifest at the same time as daenerys?
answer benefactors
question who did daenerys bouncing back and forth with with her brother?
answer her pent-up frustration
question what caused daenerys to develop a largely black-and-white worldview?
answer black-and-white
question what kind of worldview did daenerys develop?
answer great masters of meereen
question who crucified children as she approached the city in an attempt to intimidate daenerys?
answer crucifixion of the children
question what did many of the slave-masters oppose?
answer abolishing slavery
question what did daenerys earn the favor of the commoners in slaver's bay?
answer northmen
question who was the one who came to deny daenerys the independence they had gained after so many sacrifices?
answer lack of accommodation to her rule
question why was daenerys surprised by the lack of accommodation to her rule?
answer her advisors
question who warned her that coming to westeros wouldn't have made her a liberator?
answer her determination prevented her from questioning herself and her position before it was too late to find a solution
question what did ser jorah's reaction show that she refused to accept the reality of the seven kingdoms?
answer how much she cared about her father
question what did daenerys consider jaime lannister as a traitor?
answer significant grievances
question why did daenerys show herself to be vengeful?
answer xaro and doreah
question who played a role in the theft of drogo's dragons?
answer surrender
question what did daenerys offer to the tarlys?
answer tender emotion
question what has daenerys displayed?
answer wight attack
question what kind of attack did daenerys rescue from?
answer a sense of doubt
question what does daenerys show in a small voice?
answer highly skilled battle commander
question what type of commander did daenerys have?
answer slaver's bay and the siege of meereen
question what two battles did daenerys win?
answer overwhelming the enemy
question what did daenerys' victories have more to do with?
answer experienced and capable warriors
question who did daenerys surround herself with?
answer she knew how to win battles in such a way to leave herself in the strongest position possible
question what did daenerys know how to win battles in such a way to leave herself in the strongest position possible?
answer benevolent, decent and able to understand her mistakes and learn from them
question what did daenerys show herself to be in her life before her descent into madness?
answer pushed her over the edge
question what caused daenerys to be too fragile to bear the burden of her moral defeat?
answer her inner circle of friends and her dragons
question what did daenerys do towards?
answer insanity
question what was often a late-onset condition in the targaryens?
answer bending the knee
question what did the men of house tarly refuse to offer to daenerys?
answer lucid
question what did daenerys feel after her destructive rampage?
answer true psychopathy
question what does madness take many forms?
answer justifiable
question what does madness seem to have emerged in daenerys?
answer maegor
question what ancestor was justified in dealing with the rebellious faith militant?
answer force
question how did daenerys decide to take the iron throne?
answer king daeron ii
question who was the first daenerys sister?
answer daenerys of sunspear
question what was the name given to daenerys in the marriage-alliance?
answer daenerys of the house targaryen
question what is the name of daenerys stormborn?
answer the unburnt
question what is the breaker of chains?
answer queen of meereen
question what was missandei's previous title?
answer kinga gavalda
question who was a stunt double for emilia clarke in the role of daenerys targaryen?
answer tamzin merchant
question who played the role of daenerys in the unaired pilot episode?
answer elizabeth olsen
question who auditioned for the role of daenerys?
answer michele clapton
question who explained the costuming shifts that daenerys goes through in seasons to?
answer viserys never will
question what does michele clapton say daenerys is willing to immerse herself in?
answer tanned crocodile hide
question what is daenerys outfit made of?
answer horse-leather
question what does the dothraki use to wear animal skins?
answer garden of bones
question where did daenerys wear a complete qarth-style gown?
answer khal drogo's khalasar
question what color was blue the color of royalty in?
answer drogo's wedding
question what special occasion did daenerys wear a blue dress instead of the traditional targaryen colors of red and black?
answer purple
question what color was traditionally the color of imperial or royal authority for centuries in europe?
answer seasons and progress
question when does daenerys begin to wear more white?
answer the fighting pit
question what is one of the scenes that daenerys has to be in?
answer purity
question what was daenerys supposed to be in the middle of the fighting pit?
answer visually removing herself from the things that she disagreed with
question what was daenerys mental removal from?
answer how she saw herself
question how did daenerys feel about herself?
answer quilting
question what did some of daenerys dresses feature to give the impression of scales?
answer riding breeches
question what color does daenerys always wear underneath?
answer her wearing black
question what is the ultimate expression of daenerys acceptance of her identity as a targaryen conqueror and the rightful queen of weste
answer all black, strong-shouldered gowns
question what does daenerys start off by wearing in season?
answer establish her presence and announce her power in westeros
question what is daenerys style used to do in season?
answer spread wings
question what is the name of the dragon that daenerys represents?
answer a dragon chain
question what does daenerys wear across her torso?
answer a red sash covered in scales
question what does daenerys have at one point?
answer a white, striped fur coat
question what does daenerys wear to symbolize her selfless act of rescue?
answer one shoulder
question how many shoulder fur is daenerys only partially matching jon's silhouette?
answer light costume
question what does the juxtaposition between jon's dark costume and daenerys'?
answer how she feels
question how does daenerys' costumes vary throughout the season?
answer house colors
question what do daenerys wear when she feels alienated or threatened?
answer dragon chain
question what did daenerys wear during the battle of king's landing?
answer unique
question what is the name of the dress daenerys wears when she attacks the city?
answer daenerys does not appear to be fireproof
question what does daenerys appear to be fireproof in the books?
answer daenerys is no more immune to fire than any other human
question what is daenerys more immune to fire than any other human?
answer her brother viserys
question who claimed that targaryens were immune to both fire and illness?
answer targaryen history
question what did viserys know about?
answer slightly higher heat tolerance
question what does targaryens seem to have?
answer nothing outside the normal human range
question what does daenerys think to herself about the heat of drogo's funeral pyre?
answer dry desert heat
question what kind of heat has shaped the dornish to be more comfortable in?
answer burns and blisters
question what does daenerys have on her hands when she rides drogon out of the great pit of meereen?
answer winter is coming
question in what episode does daenerys notice the heat from the brazier in a golden crown?
answer temple of the dosh khaleen
question where does daenerys emerge unburnt?
answer inside the episode
question what feature did weiss and benioff appear in?
answer all targaryens
question what is no indication that daenerys is fireproof in the series?
answer heat and fire
question what did daenerys realize didn't affect her like most people?
answer eight months
question how long was daenerys born on the targaryen island refuge of dragonstone?
answer stormborn
question what was the name of the targaryen fleet anchored at dragonstone?
answer the showrunners
question who truncated the targaryen family line?
answer jaehaerys ii
question who was the son of aemon targaryen?
answer the books
question what books go into a little more detail about daenerys's early life in the free cities?
answer bedridden
question what was ser willem's age and yelled at the servants?
answer ser willem
question who died after the targaryen children were driven from the house?
answer her last sight of the big red door
question what did daenerys dream about?
answer the targaryen children
question who bounced around between patrons in braavos?
answer on the street with little warning when their patrons lost interest in them
question what did daenerys often turn out on the street with little warning when their patrons lost interest in them?
answer patron to patron
question what did viserys begging for support throughout the free cities?
answer volantis
question where did viserys travel from braavos to?
answer six months
question how long did the targaryen children stay in pentos with illyrio?
answer free cities
question where did daenerys grew up?
answer a storm of swords - daenerys vi
question what is the title of daenerys' third novel?
answer three hundred years ago
question when did aegon the conqueror invade westeros?
answer lord of light
question what religion is daenerys aware of?
answer the world of ice & fire
question which tv series suggests that daenerys has faith only in herself and not in any god?
answer thirteen
question how old is daenerys when the novels begin?
answer kind and generous
question what kind of spirit does daenerys have?
answer harden
question what does daenerys' spirit begin to do after her brother's death?
answer a dance with dragons
question what is the name of aegon targaryen's story?
answer aegon does not see anything wrong about marrying his aunt
question what does jon say aegon does not see anything wrong about marrying his aunt?
answer cold water
question what does tyrion pour on the overconfident youth's hopes?
answer azor ahai
question who did daenerys fit the prophecies about?
answer aegon i
question aenys i  maegor i  jaehaerys i  viserys i  aegon ii
answer aegon iv
question what is daeron ii?
answer tommen i
question who is robert i?
answer robert i
question who is tommen i?
answer cersei i
question who is ac?
answer ac
question what is cersei i?
answer bran i
question what is ac-present?
answer king in the north
question what is the name of the lord commander of the night's watch?
answer king
question what is jon declared in the north?
answer take the iron throne
question what did jon aid daenerys in her resumed campaign?
answer more destruction
question what does jon try to dissuade daenerys from?
answer the night's watch
question where is jon sent into exile?
answer free folk
question what group does jon lead to settle in the thawing free lands?
answer lord commander gerold hightower and ser arthur dayne
question who guarded the tower of joy?
answer rhaegar
question who was killed at the battle of the trident?
answer fading lyanna
question who pleaded with ned to promise that he would keep her son safe?
answer catelyn tully
question who was ned's wife?
answer lord of the vale
question who was jon arryn?
answer jon arryn
question who was ned's great friend and mentor?
answer elia
question who did rhaegar have his marriage annulled and married lyanna?
answer catelyn or jon himself
question who did eddard never tell anyone who was his mother?
answer wylla
question what did ned claim that jon's mother was a lowborn woman that he met during the war?
answer eddard never treated jon much differently from his trueborn children
question what did eddard never treat jon differently from his trueborn children?
answer cold
question what was catelyn's attitude towards jon?
answer talisa
question who was catelyn's daughter-in-law?
answer bastard
question what type of status did jon grow up feeling like an outsider at winterfell?
answer his father and siblings
question who loved jon?
answer snowballs
question what do jon and robb play with in their childhood?
answer lord eddard
question who was theon greyjoy?
answer robb, bran, theon, rodrik, and jory cassel
question who is rodrik's nephew?
answer will
question which deserter is being held in the holdfast?
answer not to look away
question what does jon warn bran to do as the deserter is brought into position outside?
answer keeping his composure
question what did jon praise bran for?
answer dead direwolf
question what species is found on their way back to winterfell?
answer intentionally leaves himself out of the count of stark children
question why does jon leave himself out of the count of stark children?
answer an albino
question what is the runt of the litter that crawled away from its mother's corpse?
answer ghost
question what does jon name the runt of a litter of direwolves?
answer robert and queen cersei lannister
question who are the royals groomed for?
answer antipathy
question what does jon express against the royal family?
answer baratheon
question who arrives at the banquet?
answer outside in the courtyard
question where does jon wait to vent his frustrations against a practice dummy?
answer never try to hide what he is
question what advice does tyrion give to the young man?
answer armor
question what is the name bastard?
answer all dwarfs are bastards in their father's eyes
question what does tyrion say to be bastards in their father's eyes?
answer protecting all of them from the mythical monsters that allegedly exist beyond the wall
question what did jaime sarcastically thank jon for?
answer miss her
question what does jon say he will do before he departs for the wall?
answer if jon said goodbye to bran
question what does robb ask as he prepares his saddle?
answer starks
question what does jon say are hard to kill?
answer hug
question what did robb offer to visit him at the wall?
answer benjen and tyrion
question who is jon accompanied by?
answer dumping ground for criminals and wastrels
question what is the night's watch?
answer ser alliser thorne
question who is the master-at-arms in charge of training new recruits?
answer north of the wall
question where does benjen tell jon he is going?
answer complete his training
question benjen insists that he does what?
answer pypar and grenn
question who accepts jon's new brothers?
answer thorne
question who tells jon that going easy on sam won't help him?
answer lord commander jeor mormont
question who asked for jon as his personal steward?
answer when benjen's horse returns to the wall riderless
question what is jon concerned about when benjen's horse returns to the wall riderless?
answer quarters
question where is jon restricted to?
answer lord commander mormont
question who rewards jon?
answer othor
question who's corpse becomes a wight and attacks mormont?
answer burning the wight
question how does jon save mormont's life?
answer longclaw
question what is jon's valyrian steel sword?
answer aemon targaryen
question what was the name of jon's uncle?
answer join robb and seek vengeance for his father's death
question what does jon do to robb and seek revenge for his father's death?
answer samwell, pypar, and grenn
question who intercept jon and convince him to stay?
answer to find benjen and learn the truth about the threat
question what does mormont tell jon that the watch is marching beyond the wall in force?
answer not to attempt to desert again
question what does jon swear to jon?
answer craster
question what is the name of the unsavory ally of the great ranging?
answer edd
question who tells jon of craster's sexual inclinations upon their arrival at the keep?
answer king-beyond-the-wall mance rayder
question who is the leader of the wildlings?
answer shelter and supplies
question what is the difference between life and death for many black brothers in the wild?
answer gilly
question who is craster's pregnant daughter-wife?
answer afraid of having a son
question what is gilly's fear of having a son?
answer jeor
question who refuses to disobey jon's order to leave craster's wives alone?
answer a newborn
question what does jon see craster carrying into the woods?
answer white walker
question what does jon see craster leave the child for?
answer knocks him out
question what does craster do to craster?
answer drags him back to his keep
question what does craster do to jon?
answer rangers
question who does jon expels from his home?
answer the shadow tower
question where do the rangers await qhorin halfhand and his party?
answer mance's lookouts in the skirling pass
question when qhorin arrives, he suggests altering their tactics and using small groups to overcome what?
answer wildling watchers
question who do jon and ygritte ambush?
answer young woman
question what kind of woman does jon realize his opponent is?
answer mance
question who does jon and ygritte not give away details of?
answer qhorin
question who leaves jon alone to execute ygritte?
answer unable
question what is jon's ability to do?
answer they become separated from qhorin's group
question what happens to jon and ygritte?
answer the approaching night
question why does jon decide to not regroup with qhorin?
answer ygritte
question who convinces jon to sleep next to her to share body heat?
answer break his oath
question what does jon reject?
answer his virginity
question what does jon and ygritte discuss the restrictions of the night's watch vows?
answer a virgin
question what does ygritte know about the night's watch vows?
answer the starks
question who are descendants of the first men?
answer forget about his oath and live free
question what does ygritte urge jon to do?
answer sword
question what does ygritte need to reach for when he is caught off guard?
answer rope
question what does ygritte do when he is caught off guard?
answer the halfhand
question who tells jon that the rest of the men were killed while they searched for him?
answer make their deaths meaningful and become a spy within the wildling ranks
question what does the halfhand urge jon to do?
answer knock jon over
question what did ygritte do after he feigns anger with jon?
answer lord of bones
question who allows jon to fight?
answer frostfang mountains
question where is the main wildling camp?
answer a real-life giant walk past
question what is jon shocked to see as they enter the camp?
answer crow
question what do many wildlings shout at jon's approach?
answer approach
question what does jon shout crow?
answer king-beyond-the-wall
question who is mance rayder?
answer qhorin halfhand
question who did jon kill?
answer tormund giantsbane
question who is mance's lieutenant?
answer a class of nobility
question what does the free folk not recognize in their culture?
answer first men
question who defeated the white walkers once during the long night?
answer malignity
question what does the black cloak attract?
answer free folk army
question who marches south with jon?
answer ninety
question how many different groups are there in the free folk army?
answer they will all die if they remain north of the wall
question what did mance tell the free folks that they would die if they remain north of the wall?
answer orell
question who is jon's scout?
answer eagle circles
question what is jon's eyes rolled back as?
answer warg
question what does mance say he is?
answer a warg
question what is a person who is capable of entering the mind of an animal?
answer eagle
question what does orell control to scout miles ahead?
answer fist of the first men
question what was the name of the warg?
answer the fist of the first men
question where do jon and the free folk arrive?
answer three hundred
question how many men of the night's watch were there?
answer miles away from the wall
question where are the white walkers trapped?
answer undead monsters
question what are the missing corpses from the night's watch resurrected as?
answer twenty men
question how many men will tormund take to scale the wall to attack castle black?
answer tormund's small band
question who will attack castle black from its exposed rear?
answer patrols
question what does the eagle see on top of the wall?
answer nineteen
question how many castles do the wildlings know along the south side of the wall?
answer shadow tower
question what tower is at the western end of castle black?
answer how many men currently garrison castle black
question how many men are currently garrison castle black?
answer one thousand men
question how many men are there in castle black?
answer steadfast
question what does jon remain to the lie?
answer cutting his and ygritte's rope loose
question what did jon confront orell about on the wall?
answer he doesn't see ygritte complaining about what happened
question what does orell say about ygritte?
answer orell and tormund giantsbane
question who intends to kill the old man so as to stop him from alerting the night's watch to their presence?
answer a rock
question what rock does jon surreptitiously hit when the party attacks the farmstead?
answer queenscrown
question where does a hidden bran enter summer's mind to aid jon?
answer pet eagle
question what eagle swoops down and attacks jon?
answer he still loves her
question what does ygritte insist about?
answer sam and pypar
question who are overjoyed to see jon?
answer riding, fighting, and winning the affection of other girls
question what did sam say jon was better than robb?
answer he could never bring himself to hate robb
question what did jon say he could never bring himself to hate robb?
answer reading
question what does sam say jon is better than him at everything?
answer killing qhorin
question what did jon admit to at the hearing?
answer slynt and thorne
question who are openly hostile to jon?
answer aemon
question who realizes that jon is speaking the truth?
answer a lordship
question what did roose bolton promise as a reward to the boltons?
answer olly
question who is the orphan of the night's watch?
answer grenn and edd
question who have escaped the mutineers at craster's keep?
answer the mutineers remain entrenched at the keep
question what do the wildlings reveal about the mutineers at craster's keep?
answer eliminating the mutineers
question what should be the top priority of the wildlings at craster's keep?
answer jon and sam
question who are talking about bran going beyond the wall?
answer slynt
question who convinced thorne that jon questioning his decisions is a problem?
answer grenn, edd, and locke
question who secretly intends to kill jon during the mission?
answer craster's wives
question who did jon reunite with?
answer they can't trust them and will go their own way
question what do the night's watch members say they can't trust them?
answer defending the tunnel is hopeless
question what does jon say about the gates of mance rayder's army?
answer alliser thorne
question who refuses to listen to jon?
answer jon, pypar, and eddison tollett
question who try to comfort sam who believes gilly and her baby are dead?
answer grenn
question who is furious that the wildlings slaughtered the inhabitants of mole's town?
answer conflagration
question what kind of horn blows north of the wall?
answer slynt does nothing and breaks down
question what does slynt do?
answer janos
question who did grenn falsely claim that alliser needs back down in castle black?
answer arrows
question what do the black brothers continue to rain down on the advancing wildlings?
answer battle of castle black
question when does jon fight styr?
answer knocking longclaw away
question how does styr get the upper hand?
answer anvil
question what does styr smash his face into?
answer bury it into styr's skull
question what does jon do to styr?
answer arrow drawn
question what did jon find ygritte pointing her bow at him?
answer hesitate
question what did olly do to ygritte?
answer they should have never left the cave
question what did olly say to ygritte?
answer a crossbow
question what does jon subdue tormund with?
answer mance.sam
question who does jon try to stop?
answer castle black's tunnel
question where does jon prepare to leave?
answer jeor mormont
question who did jon give to before he leaves longclaw?
answer a cooking knife
question what does mance notice that jon is eyeing?
answer war horns
question what sound is interrupted before anyone can make a move?
answer hundreds
question how many mounted knights arrive outside to slaughter many of the wildlings?
answer to burn the bodies of the dead
question what does jon advise stannis to do to prevent them from returning as wights?
answer weeping
question what happens to ygritte as he walks away?
answer the lord's fire
question what happens to the red woman?
answer not
question what does melisandre say jon is a virgin?
answer kneeling
question what does jon meet with stannis and davos?
answer he will pardon them and declare them citizens of the realm once the war is won
question what does stannis want jon to do to the wildlings?
answer r'hllor
question who will the king-beyond-the-wall be burned as a sacrifice to?
answer bend the knee to stannis
question what does jon try to convince mance to do?
answer storms off
question what happens to mance when jon attempts to convince mance to bend the knee to stannis?
answer arrow
question what does jon shoot mance through the heart?
answer lyanna mormont
question who was the messenger-raven of stannis?
answer ser denys mallister
question who is the commander of the shadow tower?
answer aemon and his aide
question who tally the tokens and a tie is declared between jon and thorne?
answer stannis and davos
question who approached jon about the offer of legitimization?
answer stark
question what was jon's dream to be with the night's watch?
answer the seven kingdoms from beyond the wall
question what does davos say the night's watch protects?
answer a black brother
question who did jon snow assign to oversee the digging of a new latrine pit?
answer greyguard
question what is the name of the castle that jon orders slynt to repair?
answer if he's refusing to obey the order
question what does jon ask janos if he's refusing to obey?
answer publicly insults him
question what does janos say to jon?
answer janos slynt
question who does jon execute?
answer chopping block
question where does janos plead for mercy?
answer a single blow
question what does jon execute the cowardly former commander of the city watch?
answer stannis, selyse, shireen, and melisandre
question whose new recruits are observing jon?
answer you know nothing
question what does jon snow say to melisandre?
answer kill the boy
question what does aemon tell aemon to do?
answer to allow the wildlings to pass the wall and settle in the north as subjects of the seven kingdoms or even let them join the watch
question what is jon's plan?
answer white walker army
question who is jon trying to keep the wildlings from falling into the hands of?
answer every single wildling left on the north side of the wall will be killed
question what is jon's goal to keep the wildlings from falling into the hands of the coming white walker army?
answer hardhome
question where did mance's army flee to?
answer to let them pass through the wall
question what does jon want tormund to negotiate with?
answer it is not a trap
question what will the wildlings know so long as jon accompanies him so that the wildlings will know?
answer several
question how many of stannis's ships does jon borrow?
answer five thousand
question how many wildlings agree while the rest decide to stay?
answer an army of wights
question how are the white walkers attacked?
answer dragonglass daggers
question what do jon fight his way to the hut to retrieve?
answer a while
question how long does jon fight for a white walker?
answer hardhome massacre
question what was the name of the massacre that happened to jon?
answer terror
question what does jon look on in as he knows the slaughter he just witnessed is merely a prelude to what is coming for all of west
answer sam and jon
question who watch as the wildlings exodus?
answer his kind heart
question what does thorne tell jon that will get him killed?
answer olly, othell yarwyck, and bowen marsh
question who are some of jon's brothers who look at him scornfully?
answer oldtown
question where does jon agree to send sam to?
answer sam's vow of chastity
question what will be doubly prevalent as a maester before finding out that sam and gilly have had sex already?
answer sam's request
question what did jon agree to?
answer king and princess
question who did melisandre demise when she asked davos about stannis and shireen?
answer benjen
question who was jon's uncle?
answer traitor
question what sign did jon find after being stabbed by his own men?
answer thorne, yarwyck, marsh and two other black brothers
question who stab jon while uttering, for the watch?
answer tearfully
question what does olly do as jon kneels, gasping for breath?
answer mutineers
question who leaves jon out in the cold to bleed out?
answer davos, edd and a handful of other black brothers
question who do ghost's cries summon to move jon's body to his quarters?
answer tormund and the wildlings
question who did edd find to protect jon's body?
answer threats of death
question what did thorne do if they don't surrender?
answer melisandre herself
question what does davos say he wasn't asking the r'hllor for help?
answer in vain
question what do davos' attempts seem to be?
answer davos and melisandre
question who accosted jon?
answer tormund and edd
question who are the leaders of the mutiny accosted by davos and melisandre?
answer execution
question what are the leaders of the mutiny rounded up for?
answer his intent to leave the night's watch
question what did jon declare to edd?
answer he already died
question what did jon retort by saying?
answer their childhoods
question what did jon and sansa reminisce about?
answer how awful she was to jon during their youth
question what does sansa regretfully mention to jon during their youth?
answer childhood mischief
question what did jon shrugs it off as?
answer weaker houses
question what does jon suggest rallying the boltons?
answer dalba
question who is skeptical of the wildlings?
answer if ramsay wins, he will wipe them all out anyway
question what does dalba believe ramsay will do if he wins?
answer cowards
question what does tormund say if the wildlings don't help him?
answer sixty-two men
question how many men does lyanna supply to the wildlings?
answer robett glover
question who did jon fail to convince to pledge his allegiance to?
answer his significantly larger army
question why does ramsay refuse to surrender?
answer shaggydog
question what is rickon's direwolf's head?
answer he will die the following day before riding off
question what does sansa tell ramsay about rickon's capture?
answer not listening to her advice and for attacking too early
question why did sansa criticize jon?
answer largest army
question what is jon's opinion that the boltons need more men?
answer not to bring him back if he should fall in the battle
question jon meets with melisandre and insists to what?
answer a bow
question what does ramsay bring out to rickon?
answer in the back with an arrow and killed
question what happens to rickon as he is about to reach his brother?
answer bolton archers fire volleys of arrows in his direction
question how do bolton archers fire volleys of arrows in jon snow's direction?
answer interlocking spears
question what forces the bolton army closer and closer together?
answer petyr baelish and sansa
question who arrive with reinforcements courtesy of house arryn?
answer house arryn
question who pushed petyr baelish and sansa to arrive with reinforcements?
answer bolton army
question what army is decimated by the knights of the vale?
answer bolton forces
question who defeats jon's forces?
answer one-on-one
question what kind of duel does jon offer to ramsay?
answer grabbing a nearby shield
question what did jon block ramsay's shots with?
answer shireen
question who did davos accuse melisandre of sacrificing?
answer to leave the north on threat of execution
question jon orders melisandre to leave the north on threat of execution?
answer lady of winterfell
question who is sansa?
answer knights of the vale
question who was the lady of winterfell?
answer kisses
question what does jon say he and sansa must trust each other completely now?
answer white messenger-raven
question who has arrived from the citadel?
answer their father always promised it would come some day
question what did jon wryly point out about the arrival of winter?
answer what to do next
question what do the lords of the vale debate?
answer wyman manderly
question who avenged the red wedding?
answer white wolf
question what is jon snow hailed as the new king in the north?
answer lord cerwyn
question who swears jon snow's allegiance?
answer robb's bannermen
question who previously proclaimed jon king in the north?
answer rhaegar targaryen and lyanna stark
question who are the sons of bran?
answer forgiveness
question what does jon advocate when sansa advocates that the umbers and karstarks be stripped of their lands and titles as punishment for supporting
answer ned umber and alys karstark
question who do sansa summon to reaffirm their loyalty to house stark?
answer king jon
question who did ned umber and alys karstark kneel before?
answer mistakes of the past
question what does jon say don't matter anymore?
answer lords and ladies
question who does jon chide sansa for questioning his decision-making?
answer ned and robb
question who did jon tell jon that he must act wiser than?
answer bastards
question what kind of dwarfs are in their fathers' eyes?
answer sweet-talk
question what does littlefinger try to do to jon?
answer if he ever touches his sister
question what does littlefinger say he will kill him if he touches his sister?
answer dwarf
question what dwarf did tyrion address jon as?
answer scars
question what does tyrion observe that tyrion has picked up?
answer daenerys's dothraki guards
question who do jon and his entourage hand over their weapons to?
answer queen daenerys targaryen
question who did davos and jon first lay eyes on?
answer sham
question what did tyrion assure jon that sansa's marriage was?
answer drogon, rhaegal and viserion
question who are davos and davos startled at flying low over the causeway?
answer their mother
question who is waiting for jon within?
answer lord
question what does daenerys insist he is?
answer bend the knee
question what does daenerys want jon to do?
answer renew the historic allegiance between their two great houses
question what do daenerys urge jon to do to children?
answer he is not beholden to his ancestors' oaths
question what does jon argue that children should not be punished for the crimes of their parents?
answer children squabbling over a game
question what does jon like the fighting between the great houses to?
answer make cause to fight against the army of the dead
question what does jon think the army of the dead needs to do?
answer gods
question what did daenerys believe she was targeted by assassins, enslaved, raped, and defile
answer the miracle of her dragons' hatching and the dothraki crossing the narrow sea
question what does daenerys talk about?
answer came back from the dead
question what did davos say jon won the support of the wildlings?
answer bends the knee
question what does davos say it doesn't matter who?
answer if he is a prisoner
question what does jon ask when he is a prisoner?
answer white walkers and the night king
question who pose a threat to jon?
answer jeor mormont and jon
question who does tyrion trust?
answer how he can convince people about the existence of things which they don't believe exist
question what does jon ask tyrion about?
answer frustrated with the deadlock
question what does jon want to do to help his people?
answer not to give up
question what does tyrion encourage jon to do to help his people?
answer mad king's
question who is not jon's father?
answer if there is something he can do to help jon
question what does tyrion ask if there is something he can do to help jon?
answer arcane magical symbols
question what are the cave paintings of the children of the forest filled with?
answer thousands upon thousands of years ago
question how many years ago did the children of the forest stand?
answer narrative drawings
question what is the name of the chamber of the children and the first men?
answer the long night
question when did the children of the forest and the first men drive off the white walkers?
answer to defeat the army of the dead
question what does jon want to do with daenerys?
answer their survival isn't more important than his pride
question what does daenerys ask jon if they will if their king does?
answer casterly rock and highgarden
question who did daenerys receive word about?
answer never thought that it was possible for dragons to live again
question what did jon tell daenerys about dragons?
answer melt castles and burn cities
question what do the dragons do to daenerys?
answer davos, jorah, and gendry
question who do jon agree with?
answer drowns
question what happens to jon in the cold waters beneath the ice?
answer daenerys, davos, and sandor
question along with davos and sandor, who is jon brought to eastwatch?
answer narrow sea
question where does jon wake to find daenerys sitting at his bedside?
answer the dragons are the only children she will ever have
question what does daenerys tell jon that the dragons are the only children she will ever have?
answer what the northern lords loyal to him will make of this
question what does daenerys ask jon?
answer they will come to see her for the good person she is
question what does jon assure her that the northern lords loyal to him will come to see her for?
answer to keep the truce and to stay out of any future conflict between cersei and daenerys
question what does jon call on to keep the truce between cersei and daenerys?
answer cersei storms out
question who does cersei declare that there will be no truce if it is just her and daenerys?
answer daenerys and tyrion
question who rip into jon over his ill-advised action?
answer her family become less impressive
question what happened to the dragons as the power of the dragons waned?
answer golden company
question who will mop up the white walkers on their own?
answer cersei's plan
question what does jon and daenerys want to know about?
answer high septon maynard
question who wrote a journal about annulling rhaegar's marriage?
answer faith of the seven
question where does bran see a happy lyanna wedding rhaegar?
answer never raped lyanna
question what did bran say rhaegar never raped lyanna?
answer if he bent the knee to save the north
question what does sansa ask jon?
answer ride atop rhaegal
question what do daenerys and jon invite him to do?
answer remembrance of his family
question in what remembrance of his family does jon reunite with sam?
answer disobeyed
question who did jon tell sam that daenerys executed men?
answer spared men
question what did jon do when he refused to kneel?
answer gave up his crown
question jon responds that he did what?
answer king of the seven kingdoms
question what is aegon targaryen, the son of rhaegar and lyanna?
answer stark and targaryen forces
question who prepares to fight the dead near winterfell?
answer rhaegar didn't rape her
question what did jon tell daenerys about the rape of lyanna?
answer his true parentage
question what does jon tell daenerys about rhaegar?
answer sounds of horns
question what signal the arrival of the night king's army?
answer battle of winterfell
question when does jon ride atop rhaegal?
answer knocked off from the dragon's top
question what happens to rhaegal when he falls unconscious?
answer obliterating everyone fighting at winterfell
question what does jon notice on his way to godswood to fight the night king?
answer jorah loved her
question what did daenerys say jorah loved?
answer kiss
question what do jorah and jon begin to do?
answer vehement
question what does jon say he does not want the throne?
answer it doesn't matter what he personally wants
question what does daenerys tell jon?
answer if jon never tells the truth about himself and leaves
question what is the only way that can happen if jon tells daenerys he owes his sisters the truth?
answer letting their forces rest before charging into another battle
question what does sansa opt for?
answer assures the queen that they will obey her command
question what does jon do to the queen?
answer they do not trust her
question what do sansa and arya state?
answer never been a stark
question what did jon say he has never been a stark?
answer pained
question what is jon's choice to tell bran?
answer never tell anyone the secret he is about to reveal to them
question what does jon swear to when he defends daenerys?
answer fear, not love
question what does daenerys confide that the people of westeros love jon more than her?
answer fear
question what does daenerys resign to ruling by?
answer the lannister forces and people of king's landing surrender
question what do the lannister forces and people of king's landing surrender?
answer to deflect their attacks
question why is jon forced to fight?
answer one of his soldiers trying to rape a woman
question what does jon kill despite his calls to stop the carnage?
answer charred bodies
question what is strewn everywhere in the ash-covered devastation wrought by daenerys?
answer unsullied
question who are executing remaining surrendered lannister soldiers?
answer injured arya
question who did tyrion reunite with?
answer she won't stop until she has liberated the world and rules it all
question what does tyrion warn that varys won't stop until she has liberated the world?
answer trauma from the loss of loved ones she suffered
question what happened to varys?
answer loves her
question what does tyrion know about daenerys?
answer she is now the greatest threat to the people
question why does tyrion advise him to take action against daenerys?
answer if his sisters will ever bend the knee
question what does tyrion ask him to do because of his parentage?
answer can't choose
question what does jon respond to because she doesn't want daenerys as the queen?
answer the great hall
question where does jon find daenerys standing by the iron throne?
answer atrocities
question what did jon confront daenerys during the battle?
answer no remorse
question what does jon show to daenerys during the battle?
answer they don't get to choose
question when jon asks about others who think they know what is good, she responds what?
answer build her new world
question what does jon try to convince him to be by her side to do?
answer stabs her
question what did jon try to do as he kissed daenerys?
answer the dragon
question which dragon melts the iron throne and flies away with daenerys corpse?
answer bran, sansa, and arya
question who did jon bid farewell to after being taken into exile by two wandering crows?
answer he was exactly where he was supposed to be
question what did bran say he was exactly where he was supposed to be?
answer haunted forest
question where does jon ride along with ghost and the wildlings?
answer because he wasn't her own son
question why did eddard intentionally ignore catelyn?
answer unusual or unexpected
question what did jon consider catelyn's behavior to be?
answer playmates and comrades
question what did robb and arya become in training?
answer grow up quickly
question what did jon learn to do as a bastard?
answer mature and perceptive
question what did jon do beyond his age?
answer loner, solemn and somber
question what is jon's desire to prove himself to society and to his father?
answer sam, grenn, and pyp
question who are some of jon's fellow outcasts?
answer a castle
question where did jon live?
answer fierce fighter
question what type of fighter is jon?
answer styr
question what is the name of the highly-skilled warrior jon takes on?
answer the champion of the other downtrodden recruits
question what does jon change his behavior to be?
answer the faith of the seven
question what was catelyn's devout adherence to?
answer in front of a heart tree
question when jon took his vow to become a member of the night's watch, what did he do?
answer noblewomen
question who did jon have realistic marriage prospects with as a bastard son?
answer nihilistic
question what is jon's experience of being murdered by his own men and then revived?
answer lonely and melancholic
question what does jon become when he hasn't had any other choice?
answer his love for his family
question what has brought jon back into the fight?
answer jon snow and ygritte
question who are the main names of jon snow and ygritte?
answer blood of my blood
question what is bran's vision in?
answer years old
question how old is jon in the a song of ice and fire novels?
answer a girl
question what is arya?
answer half-siblings
question what does jon love?
answer television
question in what series has jon never been on good terms with theon?
answer jealous
question what does theon feel jon is about his highborn status?
answer bastard-born
question what does theon resent jon for being?
answer who jon's mother is
question what does eddard refuse to reveal?
answer why eddard will not say anything about her
question why does eddard refuse to reveal who jon's mother is?
answer his bastard status and the coldness of eddard's wife
question why does jon feel alienation from his family?
answer squires
question what does jon sit with at another table?
answer forsook any right to inheritance
question what did catelyn do when jon joined the watch?
answer glories of the night's watch
question what was the name of the legends of the night's watch?
answer his uncle
question what is the name of jon's uncle?
answer scar tissue
question what was the cause of the burns of his right hand and his forearm?
answer heavy gloves
question what do the night's watch members wear over both hands?
answer craster's sons
question what did jon see a white walker take in the forest as he did in the tv series?
answer earlier parts of the season
question when did jon return to craster's keep to finish off the mutineers?
answer if he dies there will be no obvious successor to challenge the lannister's claim through sansa
question what does robb realize he needs to name a new heir?
answer several of his northern lords
question who did robb sign the decree in the presence of?
answer it is unknown what has become of the decree
question what is no longer mentioned in the books?
answer maege mormont and galbart glover
question who did robb send the decree to?
answer has not received the decree, and has no idea of its existence
question what is the name of jon who has not received the decree?
answer illegitimate
question what type of son does jon have reservations about?
answer sworn to a tree
question what has no more power than one sworn to your shoes?
answer open your heart and let the light of the lord come in
question what is the purpose of a vow sworn to a tree?
answer burn these weirwoods
question what does jon accept winterfell as a gift of the lord of light?
answer dream that one day winterfell might be his
question when he was very young, too young to understand what meant to be a bastard, what was winterfell?
answer when he was older
question when did jon dream that winterfell might be his?
answer turn against his father's gods
question what does jon have to do to claim his father's castle?
answer destroying the weirwood of winterfell
question what does jon think about winterfell?
answer oathbreaker and a defiler of the old gods
question what is the name of the oathbreaker and defiler of the old gods?
answer send slynt away and keep throne
question which cronies do jon decide to keep close to him?
answer he ominously warns jon that he will return to castle black, one way or another
question what does throne do?
answer to restore and garrison as many of the sixteen abandoned castles as possible
question what is one of the goals that jon intends to achieve as lord commander of the watch?
answer lord commander of the watch
question what is jon's mission to restore and garrison the sixteen abandoned castles?
answer badly undermanned
question what do most of the castles have been garrisoned?
answer arnolf karstark
question who created the plan to attack the dreadfort?
answer sanctions
question what do most council members suggest imposing on the night's watch?
answer to send a hundred men to the wall
question what did qyburn plan to do to kill jon?
answer warning about daggers in the dark
question what did melisandre ignore?
answer he has no sister and cannot help her
question what does jon say he is loyal to his oaths?
answer tycho nestoris
question who is the representative of the iron bank of braavos?
answer cotter pyke
question who does jon send to hardhome?
answer messenger-raven
question who reports that the wildlings are under siege by wights?
answer pink letter
question what is the name of ramsay's letter?
answer threatening to march on the wall and destroy the night's watch
question what does ramsay do if jon does not agree?
answer the boltons are tearing the realm apart from the south
question what does jon realize he can't defend castle black from attack from the south?
answer breaking the watch's strict vow of political neutrality
question what could be construed as?
answer the head of the night's watch
question what is the name of the head of the night's watch?
answer accepting the wildlings to the watch
question what was the last straw for the older watch officers?
answer wun wun
question who does jon fight with as he prepares to leave?
answer to prevent more loss of life
question what does jon try to talk everyone down to prevent?
answer bowen marsh
question who does jon openly weep as he says for the watch?
answer narrated from jon's pov
question what is the chapter of jon's pov?
answer the winds of winter
question in what series will jon return?
answer lyanna and rhaegar
question who was eddard's sister?
answer rhaegar + lyanna = jon
question what was the abbreviation r+l=j for?
answer rhaegar and elia martell
question who is aegon targaryen's half-brother?
answer dead
question what is aegon targaryen considered in the show?
answer quentyn
question who was doran martell's middle son?
answer night's king
question what is jon snow's name?
answer hugh
question what is the name of the player?
answer ser waymar royce
question what is benjen stark's name?
answer borcas
question who  clydas  dareon  gordo  hobb  mink  myk  samwell
answer donnel hill
question pypar  jon snow  bowen marsh?
answer pypar
question what is donnel hill's name?
answer halder
question rancer  toad  vorkoy  casper?
answer toad
question what is the name of rancer?
answer kegs
question what is the name of the black jack bulwer?
answer mully
question cotter  othell yarwyck?
answer othell yarwyck
question what is the name of the kegs  black jack bulwer  mully  cotter?
answer unknown
question what?
answer queensgate
question what is long barrow's name?
answer half-sister
question what is jon snow's cousin?
answer prince joffrey baratheon
question who was the heir to the iron throne?
answer trumped-up charges of treason
question on what charges did house lannister execute her father?
answer the lady of winterfell
question what does sansa become?
answer sewing, embroidering, poetry, singing, dancing, literature, etiquette, history, and music
question what is sansa good at?
answer lady catelyn
question who thought sansa would be even more beautiful than she was when she was younger?
answer gentlest one
question what does sansa adopt when her brothers find an orphaned litter of direwolf pups?
answer handsome young prince
question who is sansa taken with?
answer excitement
question what does sansa want to do with the capital?
answer arya's direwolf, nymeria
question who bites joffrey's arm when arya threatens her with his sword?
answer arya and mycah
question who flee and joffrey cries before snapping at sansa to get him help?
answer robert and his retainers
question who asks sansa to corroborate joffrey's claim that he was the victim of an unprovoked attack?
answer dolls
question why did eddard buy sansa a doll?
answer ser hugh of the vale
question who was killed at the hand's tournament?
answer ser loras tyrell
question who does sansa cheer for?
answer renly
question who is sitting behind sansa?
answer embroidering
question sansa and septa mordane are what?
answer refuses to accept this
question what does sansa do?
answer she loves joffrey, she will be his queen and give him beautiful blonde-haired children
question what does sansa refuse to accept?
answer golden lion
question what does sansa say joffrey will be?
answer stag
question what does arya point out that joffrey is not a lion?
answer furious protests
question what did eddard say sansa and arya are returning to winterfell?
answer mordane
question who tells sansa to lock herself in their rooms?
answer a mistake has been made
question what did sansa insist that she was humiliated by joffrey?
answer the riverlands
question where does robb marche south to relieve from the lannister armies?
answer she is sure he will
question what does sansa say about eddard?
answer king joffrey
question who did eddard stark swear loyalty to?
answer screaming and forcibly restrained
question what is sansa distraught?
answer marillion
question who has written a song unfavorable to the royal family?
answer spikes
question where are the severed heads of executed criminals mounted?
answer executing eddard
question who did joffrey tell her that was showing mercy?
answer they are still to be married
question what does joffrey tell sansa about?
answer a cloth
question what does sandor give to her after joffrey and meryn leave?
answer queen regent cersei
question who is sansa a captive of?
answer to avoid further abuse from him
question what has sansa learned to feign loyalty to joffrey?
answer ser dontos hollard
question who does sansa convince her to spare when he attends drunk?
answer shae
question who is sansa's new handmaid?
answer princess myrcella baratheon
question who did sansa attend for dorne?
answer excrement
question what is joffrey struck by as the royal party returns to the red keep?
answer a group of men who nearly rape her
question who pursues sansa as she tries to flee to safety?
answer her horse eats better than their children
question what does shae say is because sansa has more than they will ever have?
answer trust no-one
question shae warns sansa not to say what?
answer cersei and sansa
question who chats after sansa's first flowering?
answer stabbed
question what is sansa nightmare that she is being stabbed by her attackers from the riots?
answer her mattress
question what does sansa find bloodied by the onset of her first period?
answer kiss his new sword
question what does joffrey force sansa to do?
answer drunkenly
question who advises sansa to use her sexuality as a weapon?
answer prayers and singing
question what does sansa try to keep the morale of the women up with?
answer north
question where is sandor going?
answer killers
question what does sandor warn sansa that all men are?
answer lord of harrenhal
question petyr baelish is made what?
answer the betrothal
question what does joffrey accept?
answer laughter
question what did sansa allow herself once she has privacy?
answer her mother
question what does petyr remind sansa of?
answer the value of truth
question what does sansa debate about?
answer the truth is either terrible or boring
question why does sansa tell shae that she enjoys the game?
answer hesitant
question what is sansa's opinion about the idea of truth?
answer margaery and olenna tyrell
question who do sansa confide in?
answer her father's head on a spike
question what did joffrey take her up to the wall and force her to look at?
answer they will never betray her confidence
question what does olenna tell her that joffrey is a monster?
answer monster
question what does sansa admit to joffrey?
answer daughter and sister
question who is sansa a valuable hostage?
answer olenna
question who does varys suggest that a tyrell marry sansa?
answer she could be wife to her brother
question what does margaery tell her that cersei would never allow her to leave king's landing?
answer spar
question who does loras watch with his squire?
answer baelish and/or the lannisters
question who did the tyrell plot to keep loras out of?
answer she fears for his safety if the plan fails
question why does littlefinger say they should wait until after joffrey's wedding?
answer a bride
question what does loras think there will be when sansa gives him an expectant look?
answer not telling her in private
question why does tyrion give shae a carefully coded apology?
answer worse lannisters
question what does margaery tyrell admit to being wed to?
answer if her mother taught her these things
question what does margaery ask sansa about her sexual interests?
answer yes, sweet girl, my mother taught me
question what does margaery say about sansa's innocence?
answer great sept of baelor
question at what event did tyrion speak with sansa before their wedding?
answer snickers
question what did tyrion do to cloak sansa in lannister colors?
answer their reception dinner
question what is a grim and miserable affair between man and wife?
answer if he will pardon her from their table
question what does joffrey ask sansa?
answer meryn trant and boros blount
question who does joffrey say will hold sansa down?
answer slam a dagger into a table
question what did tyrion do to his nephew if he doesn't stop?
answer the red wedding
question what is the name of the event that sansa receives from tyrion's father?
answer despondent
question what does sansa remain distraught over the deaths of her mother and brother?
answer lemon cakes
question what did sansa refuse to eat?
answer catelyn and robb
question who died in the river?
answer jaime and brienne
question who watches sansa in the godswood?
answer dontos hollard
question who gives sansa a diamond necklace?
answer a necklace that had once belonged to his mother
question what did dontos hollard offer to sansa?
answer pride
question what does dontos give sansa?
answer a breakfast held before the wedding of joffrey and margaery
question when does sansa attend?
answer ice
question what was the second sword re-forged from?
answer the lives of four kings
question what is the name of the book that sansa is shocked when tyrion's sword is turned on to joffrey?
answer widow's wail
question what does joffrey name his new weapon?
answer grief
question what does sansa look on in?
answer hollard
question olenna toys with sansa's hair and whom's necklace in a grandmotherly fashion?
answer a dwarf
question who plays each king in the war of the five kings?
answer dontos
question who gave olenna a chance to retrieve the poison from olenna's necklace?
answer screams and asks why he killed dontos
question who did dontos kill?
answer money
question what did baelish say dontos was working solely for?
answer bloody gate
question where are sansa and petyr walking towards?
answer petyr's niece
question what does sansa use the disguise as?
answer alayne
question what is lysa's aunt's name?
answer robin
question who is lysa's cousin?
answer a joyful robin
question who offers sansa a tour of the rest of the eyrie?
answer three crates
question how many crates did petyr bring to sansa?
answer to carry on
question what does lysa tell her to do?
answer antagonistic
question what does lysa turn to to accuse her of having sex with petyr?
answer grabbing her hand and squeezing hard
question what does lysa try to assure lysa that she is a virgin?
answer stupid little girl
question what does petyr say that sansa is?
answer not sure what to make of this
question what does sansa know about tyrion?
answer on the lips
question what does lysa witness when he kisses sansa stark?
answer high hall
question where does sansa sit over the open moon door?
answer how far the drop is to the ground
question what does lysa say about catelyn?
answer lord yohn royce, lady anya waynwood, and ser vance corbray
question who is sansa called to testify before before baelish can get to her?
answer lysa
question who did sansa tell about her mental instability, jealousy, and death?
answer royce and waynwood
question what would sansa want from her if littlefinger were eliminated?
answer feathered black
question what type of dress does sansa wear with a plunging neckline?
answer lord robin
question who does sansa watch practice his swordsmanship with littlefinger and yohn royce?
answer lord royce
question who does robin leave for further training?
answer lunch
question where do sansa and baelish stop?
answer dark wings
question what does baelish say doesn't apply to sansa?
answer unexpectedly
question what does brienne appear to appear before she declares herself for sansa?
answer sworn shield
question what does baelish doubt that sansa would want to let both of renly's masters die?
answer joffrey's wedding
question what event did brienne appear at?
answer avenge her family
question what does baelish claim will be an opportunity for sansa to marry?
answer wardeness of the north
question what does littlefinger believe stannis will declare sansa?
answer myranda
question who is sansa's maid?
answer a candle
question what does sansa tell her to light in the highest window of the broken tower if she's ever in trouble?
answer her mother's demise
question what did myranda talk to sansa about?
answer she shouldn't be down there
question what does theon warn sansa of?
answer lord roose and ramsay
question who do sansa dine with at dinner?
answer walda
question who announces walda's pregnancy?
answer kyra
question what is the name of the third unseen girl who ramsay murdered for sport?
answer tansy
question who did ramsay kill?
answer she coolly tells myranda that she is a stark of winterfell and will not be intimidated so easily by her
question how does myranda tell myranda she is a stark of winterfell?
answer if he thinks she cares what ramsay does to him
question what does theon ask sansa to do?
answer roose
question who officiated ramsay's wedding ceremony?
answer rips open the back of her dress and pushes her face-down over the side of the bed
question what does ramsay say about sansa's hesitancy?
answer unbuckles his clothes
question what does ramsay do to sansa?
answer bruises
question what did ramsay leave on sansa's arms and body?
answer boltons
question who keeps sansa locked in her bedchamber?
answer apologize profusely
question what did ramsay do when he tries to flee?
answer balon greyjoy
question theon greyjoy is the only surviving son of who?
answer view her maid's corpse
question what does ramsay force sansa to do?
answer her chambers
question where is sansa ordered to view her maid's corpse?
answer bran and rickon
question who were the two brothers that theon reveals to sansa that they were alive?
answer the torture ramsay put him through
question what did theon tell sansa about?
answer shamefully admits he deserved it
question what did ramsay do to sansa as he did terrible things?
answer two farm boys
question how many farm boys did theon admit they were not bran and rickon?
answer jump
question what do theon and sansa prepare to do?
answer a bemused myranda
question who briefly lowers her arrow and admits ramsay needs her alive to secure his hold on the north?
answer maliciously nocks her arrow again
question what happens to myranda's arrow?
answer bolton men and hounds
question who finds the bolton men and hounds?
answer brienne and podrick
question who fight off the boltons?
answer reciting her vows
question what does brienne offer her service to sansa?
answer both siblings are too stunned to even speak when they see each other
question what happens to both sansa and brienne?
answer happy childhood
question what did sansa reminisce about?
answer home
question what does sansa say the only place they can go now is?
answer to help her reclaim their home from the boltons
question what does sansa ask for to help her reclaim their home from the boltons?
answer he is tired of fighting
question what does jon tell her that he had done nothing but fight since he left winterfell?
answer she tells him that she will reclaim winterfell and the north, with or without his help
question what does sansa say she will reclaim winterfell and the north?
answer eddison tollett, tormund giantsbane, podrick, and brienne
question who do sansa and jon share a meal with?
answer lord of winterfell and warden of the north
question what is the name of the letter ramsay signs?
answer the son of the last true warden of the north
question what does sansa say the houses of the north will unite behind him?
answer half-brother
question what does petyr add to her brother's army?
answer leaving her
question what is brienne worried about?
answer a new cloak
question what did sansa give jon before riding south?
answer bear island
question where do sansa and jon arrive?
answer a snow
question what does lyanna say he is?
answer did what she had to do
question what did sansa say she did?
answer sixty-two
question how many men are contributed to the white walkers?
answer house glover
question who does house stark try to recruit?
answer the glovers
question what do sansa tell robett that are pledged to house stark?
answer a few northern houses
question how many northern houses are sansa and jon able to recruit?
answer castle cerwyn
question where do sansa and jon go to to try and persuade lord cerwyn?
answer sansa cuts him off by telling him that he is going to die the next day and rides off
question what does sansa tell the starks to do if they want to save rickon?
answer tormund and davos
question who did jon discuss his battle plans with?
answer they don't have enough men
question what does jon agree with?
answer you don't know him
question what does jon say to ramsay bolton?
answer she will die
question what does sansa tell jon that if ramsay wins?
answer no one can keep anyone safe
question what does jon cynically say about sansa?
answer battle of the bastards
question where does sansa arrive?
answer a distant horn
question what is heard in the distance during the battle of the bastards?
answer lord's chambers
question what do sansa tell melisandre that he is having prepared for her?
answer he is not a stark
question what does jon say to his sister?
answer kisses her on the forehead
question what does jon say about the knights of the vale?
answer white raven
question who arrived from the citadel?
answer smile
question what does jon return to her as she tells jon that a white raven arrived from the citadel?
answer he brings the storm
question what does jon warn the lords of the north and the vale that the true enemy won't wait out the storm?
answer lord wyman manderly
question who acclaims jon as the king in the north?
answer lords of the north and the vale
question who acclaim jon as the king in the north?
answer tormund and his people
question who does jon ask to man the wall at eastwatch-by-the-sea?
answer children of houses umber and karstark cannot be held accountable for the past mistakes of their fathers and elder siblings
question what does jon say the children of houses umber and karstark cannot be held accountable for?
answer lure jon into a trap
question what did sansa worry about the letter's legitimacy?
answer a familiar line
question what did he read from tyrion's first meeting with daenerys targaryen?
answer the winterfell battlements
question what battles did sansa bid jon farewell from?
answer bannermen
question who disagrees with sansa's decision?
answer knows how bad their odds are
question what does jon know about the army of the dead?
answer they bid each other farewell
question what does jon do as he leaves the north?
answer they don't have enough food
question what does sansa realize for the coming winter?
answer building granaries to stockpile for a famine
question what does petyr baelish advocate for?
answer yohn royce
question who orders sansa to see that the armor made for their armies are outfitted with leather to keep warm?
answer utterly confused
question why is sansa confused with the prospect of being the lady of winterfell?
answer shock and tears
question in what way does sansa walk away?
answer luwin and rodrik cassel
question who did the guards reveal that arya asked for?
answer ned's grave
question where is arya's father looking over?
answer who else is on her list
question what does sansa ask arya?
answer doesn't matter
question what does bran say is because he doesn't want it?
answer looks down
question what does sansa look down?
answer winterfell throne room
question where does sansa oversee a meeting of the northern lords?
answer robett glover and yohn royce
question who propose that sansa take power in the absence of her half-brother jon?
answer insulting
question what does arya think she should not let the northern lords get away with?
answer arya's idea to kill the troublesome lords
question who does sansa disagree with?
answer she has work to do
question what does arya believe she has to do if jon doesn't return to the northern lords?
answer petyr baelish and the knights of the vale
question who saved jon from defeat?
answer the men will trust her because she can rule
question what does petyr tell sansa?
answer northern lords
question who does sansa not trust?
answer liege lords and men
question what does sansa counter that the discovery of the letter will turn against her?
answer strained relations
question what does sansa confide in petyr about her relationship with arya?
answer trusting baelish
question who does sansa accept?
answer podrick payne
question who does brienne offer to leave her squire?
answer pilfering
question what does arya catch her sister through her personal effects?
answer mockingly retorts that they are not here
question what does arya do when she tells arya that her men are loyal to her?
answer faceless men of braavos
question who did arya get the faces from?
answer tell her what the faces are
question what does sansa demand that arya tell arya?
answer when they were young
question when did arya say they always aspired to be other people?
answer neither
question how many of sansa's people got what they wanted?
answer the faces allow her to become someone else and toys with the idea of assuming sansa's face and status
question what does arya say about the faces of sansa?
answer arya relents and leaves a disturbed sansa alone with the dagger
question what does arya leave a disturbed sansa alone with?
answer greensight powers
question what does sansa learn about petyr's ultimate guilt in the war of the five kings?
answer murder and treason
question what charges do sansa read before sansa addresses him directly?
answer petyr's execution
question what does sansa presides over?
answer unfazed
question what does sansa do by petyr's begging?
answer their father
question who did arya and sansa remember about looking out for one another?
answer how she is supposed to feed an army that size, as well as two full-grown dragons
question how does sansa undercut tyrion?
answer what dragons eat
question what does daenerys ask when she sarcastically asks?
answer joffrey's
question when did sansa last meet tyrion?
answer deepwood mott
question where will robett glover remain with his troops?
answer if he truly bent the knee to save the north
question why does sansa ask jon to give up his crown to daenerys?
answer the northerners
question who will never truly accept an outsider as their ruler again?
answer the castle walls
question where do arya and sansa observe?
answer winterfell's crypts
question where is the night king housed?
answer the living scramble to escape
question what does the night king do in winterfell's crypts?
answer winterfell's fallen
question who did sansa mourn?
answer house stark direwolf
question what is the name of the pyre that sansa lays on theon's body?
answer why tyrion would choose to follow daenerys
question what does tyrion ask her to do with daenerys' dragons?
answer daenerys loves sansa's brother
question what does tyrion say about daenerys?
answer something is wrong
question what does tyrion realize when he asks sansa to look at daenerys?
answer he's afraid of her
question what does sansa realize when tyrion urges sansa not to provoke daenerys?
answer she doesn't want jon going south
question what does tyrion do when she asks tyrion not to provoke daenerys?
answer quips that jon once told him he's not a stark
question what does tyrion say jon once told him he's not a stark?
answer if she's alright
question what did tyrion ask for to convince sansa of daenerys?
answer king of the andals, the rhoynar, and the first men
question who is bran elected as?
answer every princess gets her honorable knight in shining armor to sweep her off her feet
question what did sansa believe in the tales and epic romances?
answer duncan targaryen
question who was sansa infatuated with?
answer innocent, childhood infatuation with the ideals of princesses and knights
question what made sansa vulnerable to the manipulations of the lannisters?
answer a woman who married a king to secure a marriage alliance
question what was cersei's belief that all queens and princes are kind and truthful?
answer petty amusement
question what did the psychopathic joffrey have publicly beaten by his guards for?
answer arya, bran, and rickon
question who were still alive in sansa's life?
answer how to lie
question what did sansa learn from painful experience to survive at joffrey's court?
answer her own power and influence as a political force
question what does sansa begin to mature into?
answer darkened
question what did the crimes against her and her family have turned her more ruthless?
answer escort
question when does theon come to the godswood to marry ramsay?
answer apologizes
question what does sansa do for being awful when they were children?
answer nerves of iron
question what does sansa develop when she faces myranda for the last time prior to her escape from winterfell?
answer stronger and more mature
question what did sansa's sufferings make her more war-like?
answer ramsay is torn apart and eaten by his own hounds
question what does sansa's experiences with the lannisters have enabled her to watch in grim satisfaction?
answer lady of winterfell and jon's regent
question who is sansa effective as?
answer harrowing experiences of the stark children
question why does sansa experience a development in the relationships with her surviving siblings when they are reunited?
answer siblings
question what do sansa and jon love when they are reunited?
answer she speaks to him as an equal, wants to see him safe
question what does sansa want to do with jon?
answer rocky start
question what did sansa and arya experience after their reunion in season?
answer sisters
question what do sansa and arya develop a new closeness as by the end of season?
answer lady leonette
question who taught sansa to play the high harp?
answer handsome princes and knights
question what does sansa have a romantic notion of fighting honorably for love and loyalty?
answer her father's arrest
question what did sansa do in the books?
answer staying and marrying joffrey
question what did sansa think she would do if she told cersei she would smooth over their disagreements?
answer littlefinger and cersei
question who knew what eddard planned to do and had time to prepare counter-measures?
answer courtesy
question what does sansa use as an armor?
answer king joffrey's court
question where is sansa held?
answer fear of angering her captors
question why does sansa not refer to herself as princess?
answer does not befriend shae
question what does sansa do in the show?
answer insolent looks
question what does shae sometimes give sansa?
answer alayne stone
question who is littlefinger's bastard daughter?
answer treacherous
question what does sansa know littlefinger is?
answer ser dontos
question what was the name of the two people killed by jon arryn?
answer her deranged aunt
question what did lysa think would let her go?
answer her aunt
question who's death did sansa become full of confidence overnight?
answer astute
question what does sansa become as the protg of littlefinger during her time in the vale?
answer subtle change in her personality
question what is the difference between littlefinger and littlefinger?
answer lord nestor royce and the lords declarant
question what are littlefinger's manipulations of?
answer patiently
question what does sansa do after lysa's death?
answer a hundred
question how many lemon cakes does robert arryn demand?
answer ripping his doll
question what did robert initially declare he hated her for?
answer he tries to nuzzle at her breasts and wets the bed during his seizures
question why does sansa try to nuzzle at her breasts and wet the bed during his seizures?
answer a highborn lady and father a son
question what do sansa must wed as the lord of the eyrie and defender of the vale?
answer harrold
question who calls her littlefinger's bastard?
answer to charm harrold but not to look too eager
question what did littlefinger instruct harrold to do?
answer his bastard daughters
question what does sansa ask about to test his honesty?
answer she refuses
question what does harrold refuse to wear in the tourney?
answer season story
question what story did sansa's arc diverge significantly from that in the books?
answer harrold hardyng
question who is robert arryn's presumptive heir?
answer to wed sansa to harold
question what does littlefinger plan to do to sansa?
answer myranda royce and mya stone
question who is the elder of robert's bastards?
answer sahn-suh
question what is sansa pronounced between san-suh and sohn-suh?
answer sohn-suh
question who is sansa pronounced sahn-suh?
answer their maiden name
question what will women retain if their family is more powerful or ancient than their husband's?
answer if a noblewoman marries above her station into a more powerful family
question what happens when a noblewoman marries above her station into a more powerful family?
answer defiantly continue to use the name of the more prestigious family she was born into
question what would a noblewoman who married below her station continue to use the name of the more prestigious family she was born into?
answer starks and lannisters
question who were the great houses of equal social rank?
answer her captors
question who forced sansa into a marriage to a similarly unwilling husband?
answer unconsummated
question what type of marriage did the starks and lannisters have?
answer it will be very difficult, though not impossible, to annul their marriage
question why are both sansa and tyrion wanted for regicide and far away from each other?
answer the books do not specify the requirements for an annulment
question what do the books do not specify the requirements for an annulment?
answer it is unknown how difficult it will be to annul the marriage
question why is it unclear how difficult it will be to annul the marriage?
answer littlefinger never brings up this option
question what does littlefinger say sansa knows her marriage can be annulled?
answer a storm of swords
question what is the third novel of sansa?
answer purple wedding
question what is the first past of the prophecy?
answer personalized tv recommendations
question what type of tv recommendations do daenerys targaryenrhaegar targaryensansa stark
answer cersei and jaime lannister
question who is the younger brother of lord tyrion lannister?
answer lord tyrion lannister
question who is the youngest child of lord tywin lannister?
answer brandon stark
question who is the current lord of casterly rock and hand of the king?
answer tywin and cersei
question who blame tyrion's mother for giving birth?
answer imp and halfman
question what names does tyrion try to embrace to keep his self esteem up?
answer a commoner
question what was tyrion's birthright as a lannister?
answer a wheelwright's daughter
question who did tyrion attempt to rape when he was sixteen?
answer tysha
question who did tyrion help when tyrion interrupted the attempted rape of a wheelwright's daughter?
answer secret
question where did tyrion help tysha get married?
answer lord tywin
question who paid tysha to service every one of tyrion's guards while tyrion watched?
answer lose his virginity
question what did jaime confess to helping tyrion?
answer a whorehouse
question where does tyrion visit upon his arrival in winterfell?
answer social misfits
question what is tyrion's fondness for?
answer prince joffrey
question who refuses to pay his respects to lord and lady stark after bran's fall?
answer lord and lady stark
question who did prince joffrey refuse to pay his respects to after bran's fall?
answer breakfasts
question what does tyrion do with his family after bran's fall?
answer his siblings' glum reactions
question what did tyrion take interest in bran's fall?
answer maester aemon and lord commander jeor mormont
question who ask tyrion to use his influence to recruit more men for the night's watch?
answer he doesn't believe in danger beyond the wall
question what does tyrion believe in danger beyond the wall?
answer hill tribes
question who attacked catelyn?
answer dungeons
question what are the eyrie's sky-cells?
answer whoremonger and dwarf
question what does tyrion confess to being?
answer mord
question who is tyrion's gaoler?
answer ser vardis egen
question who does bronn kill?
answer south
question where does bronn accompanies ser vardis egen?
answer shagga
question who is the leader of the hill tribes?
answer vale of arryn
question what did tyrion offer to help the hill tribes conquer?
answer if tyrion tries to renege on his promise he will cut off his manhood and feed it to the goats
question what does shagga say if tyrion tries to renege on his promise he will cut off his manhood and feed it
answer honor tyrion's alliance with the hill tribes
question what does tywin agree to?
answer green fork
question where does tyrion lead the hill tribes into battle?
answer treasonous
question what does tywin try to try to keep joffrey in line and execute any of the small council members if they try anything?
answer bronn, lannister soldiers, and members of the hill tribes
question who accompany tyrion to king's landing?
answer queen regent cersei lannister
question who was tyrion's sister?
answer big cities
question what makes shae want to fuck?
answer liars of king's landing
question who is trying to convince shae that he is truthful in comparison to?
answer he will make changes during his tenure as hand of the king to shae
question what does tyrion say he will make changes during his tenure as hand of the king to shae?
answer the spider
question who discovers shae's presence?
answer ser alton lannister
question who was robb stark's cousin?
answer lord janos
question who is exiled to the wall?
answer lateness of the hour
question what does tyrion note about his sexual relationship with cersei?
answer to blackmail lancel
question tyrion uses the information to blackmail lancel?
answer keeping them secret
question what does stannis baratheon insist on?
answer wisdom hallyne
question who does tyrion visit to learn that the guild have stockpiled thousands of jars of wildfire to use as catapult ammunition?
answer volatile nature of wildfire
question why does bronn see this strategy as potentially disastrous?
answer hallyne
question who does tyrion order to answer to him instead of cersei?
answer prince tommen
question who does tyrion order a guard to escort back to the keep?
answer to lead him to safety
question what does tyrion do to the high septon?
answer a vicious idiot
question what does tyrion call joffrey?
answer nephew
question who slaps tyrion when he refuses to listen to the criticism?
answer joffrey's viciousness
question cersei believes what might be the price she pays for her sin of incest with jaime?
answer days away
question how long is stannis' fleet?
answer mud gate
question where does tyrion believe stannis will attack?
answer focus on the problem at hand
question what does tyrion prefer to do after joffrey leaves?
answer trying to kill her son
question what did cersei suspect tyrion of?
answer tarth
question where is stannis spotted?
answer they would violently defend each other
question what did tyrion say to cersei?
answer map
question what does varys provide him with?
answer false loyalty
question what does tyrion smile at to joffrey?
answer luring them into a trap
question what does tyrion do to destroy a large portion of the attacking fleet?
answer ser mandon moore and ser boros blount
question who did the king leave to fight in his name?
answer increasing dissent
question what is tyrion faced with from his troops?
answer stannis' siege equipment
question what did tyrion destroy during a sortie through the tunnels under the city?
answer ser mandon
question who wounded tyrion?
answer lannister-tyrell reinforcements
question what is the name of the reinforcements that are led by a man wearing renly's armor?
answer savior of the city
question who is the victors of lannister-tyrell?
answer pain relief
question what does tyrion reject?
answer his command
question bronn has been relieved of what?
answer scarred face
question what does tyrion show shae?
answer self-pitying
question what does tyrion do?
answer standing up to the bad people in his life, out-talking and out-thinking them
question what does tyrion say is something that he enjoys and enjoys?
answer ser bronn
question who did bronn style himself as of the blackwater?
answer no lands, wealth, or titles
question what does ser bronn possess?
answer double
question how much did tyrion pay for bronn?
answer lord of casterly rock
question who is tyrion the next in lawful line of succession?
answer abomination and a curse
question what did tywin consider him to be?
answer if he catches another whore in his bed he will hang her
question what does tywin warn him that if he catches another whore in his bed he will hang?
answer sneaks into tyrion's new chambers
question where does shae sneak into tyrion's new chambers?
answer his father
question who threatened to kill tyrion if he found her with him again?
answer playfully bicker
question what does tyrion say about having sex with ros?
answer lady lysa arryn
question who will littlefinger marry?
answer master of coin
question what does tywin say he has appointed tyrion to replace him if baelish leaves a vacancy on the small council?
answer he has no prior experience in finance
question what does tyrion say he has no prior experience in finance?
answer misunderstanding
question what did tyrion say about the release of ros?
answer the iron bank will first refuse to give out new loans, and ultimately support rebellions against them
question what does tyrion warn of when debtors to the iron bank cannot repay their loans?
answer pod innocently
question who said he did all sorts of things with the prostitutes?
answer copious
question what kind of notes did pod and bronn ask to take?
answer eunuch
question what was the story of tyrion traveling through the free cities with a party of actors?
answer a male sorcerer
question who casts tyrion?
answer the sorcerer
question who did varys pries open the box in the room?
answer lady olenna tyrell
question who explains to tyrion that house tyrell will support the cost of the wedding between joffrey and margaery?
answer castration
question what does tyrion threaten joffrey with at the night of their wedding?
answer his lord father has commanded him to consummate the marriage
question what does tyrion tell joffrey?
answer he passes out drunk
question what does tyrion insist he won't bed her until she wants him to do?
answer to cheer each other
question what did tyrion try to do after his marriage with sansa?
answer social enemies
question what would tyrion punish instead of the harsh reality of political ones?
answer grand maester pycelle
question who orders tyrion to thank frey and send robb stark's head to sansa?
answer tyrion threatens him yet again before pycelle can send any messages to the twins
question what happens to tyrion before pycelle can send any messages to the twins?
answer the details of what consequences the red wedding might have on the war
question what do tywin and tyrion discuss after the end of the meeting?
answer protecting family legacy
question what does tywin teach him about?
answer he has never done something for the benefit of the family that wasn't in his interest
question what did tyrion protest?
answer let the waves take him away
question what did tywin say he wanted to do when he was born?
answer ser loras
question who did cersei inform tyrion that she won't marry?
answer asking her how happy is she with her children
question what do cersei ask tyrion to give sansa children?
answer prince doran martell
question who is tyrion waiting for to arrive at king's landing?
answer martell bannermen
question what do the dornishman see coming their way?
answer prince doran's declining health
question what prevents prince doran from leaving sunspear?
answer before dawn
question when did oberyn enter the city?
answer the rains of castamere
question what song does prince oberyn sing?
answer ellaria sand
question who is oberyn's paramour?
answer he was invited to the royal wedding
question what did oberyn tell tyrion why he came to the capital?
answer lying
question what does tyrion know he's?
answer her brother and mother
question who did tyrion try to comfort sansa?
answer stay strong
question what does tyrion advise sansa to do?
answer if he wants her out of the city
question what does shae ask him if he wants sansa out of the city?
answer joffrey and margaery tyrell
question who were the noblemen and women present in king's landing?
answer daeron, the young dragon; baelor the blessed; aegon the unworthy and daeron the good
question who were the reigns of tyrion?
answer valyrian steel sword
question what sword is given to tyrion by his grandfather?
answer uncharacteristic and confusing coldness
question what does tyrion show towards shae?
answer terminates their friendship
question what does tyrion tell shae that she is to leave and go to live in pentos?
answer deduces that he is afraid of his sister and father and expresses her desire to fight them alongside him
question what does tyrion say shae is afraid of his sister and father?
answer a whore
question what does tyrion call shae?
answer dwarf counterpart
question who did joffrey suggest tyrion fight at the end of the show?
answer disrespectful undertone
question what kind of undertone is joffrey insulted at at the battle of the blackwater?
answer kicking the goblet under a table
question what did joffrey instruct tyrion to act as his cupbearer?
answer his goblet
question what does tyrion give tyrion?
answer sansa's disappearance
question what did podrick inform tyrion of?
answer murder
question what did tyrion believe sansa had nothing to do with?
answer knighthood
question what did tyrion offer to pod if he testified against him?
answer pod
question who leaves king's landing?
answer a suggestion
question what did tyrion know about a knighthood if he testified against him?
answer he suffered much worse with the north
question what did jaime try to comfort tyrion?
answer never kill his brother's son
question what did tyrion say he would do if he did it?
answer king tommen
question who is the newly-crowned king of the blackwater?
answer lord mace tyrell of the reach
question who is the presiding judge of tywin lannister?
answer strong (yet circumstantial) evidence of tyrion's guilt
question what kind of evidence does cersei give to tyrion?
answer the battle of the blackwater
question when did varys tell him that he had saved the city?
answer never forgets anything
question what does varys tell tyrion?
answer sansa stark
question who did shae want to do if he killed the king for her?
answer combat
question who demands a trial by tyrion?
answer shock and multitudes of gasps
question what did the court explode in?
answer he cannot fight well enough with his left hand
question what does jaime decline to be tyrion's champion?
answer a final handshake and part on good terms
question what does bronn share with tyrion?
answer a baby
question what did oberyn see to tyrion?
answer he seeks justice for the death of his sister
question what does oberyn tell tyrion that he seeks justice for his sister's death?
answer he is in the perfect place
question what does oberyn counter to?
answer his cell
question where does jaime visit tyrion on the day of his trial by combat?
answer orson lannister
question who is tyrion's cousin?
answer long periods of time
question how long did tyrion watch orson lannister?
answer bells start tolling
question what happens when jaime says he doesn't know?
answer shackles
question what is the bound in?
answer drinking wine
question what does tyrion advise oberyn against before the fight starts?
answer a secret passageway
question where does jaime lead tyrion through?
answer the brothers
question who does varys believe will be the last time they see each other?
answer a familial kiss
question what does jaime leave him with on the cheek?
answer chambers of their father
question where does tyrion first enter?
answer a paring knife
question what does shae grab when she spots him?
answer slaps him and scratches at his face
question what does shae do when she finds her in tywin's bed?
answer jealous rage
question what is the act done in self-defense?
answer admit to his many wrongdoings against him
question what does tywin force his father to do?
answer lord varys
question who stows tyrion away within a crate upon a ship?
answer illyrio mopatis
question who is tyrion brought to in pentos?
answer pentos
question where are varys and tyrion located?
answer to bring peace and prosperity upon the kingdoms where those without power would never be prey to those who do
question what did varys say his goal was to bring peace and prosperity upon the kingdoms?
answer drink himself to death
question what does varys say he can do here in pentos?
answer they were never satisfied being separate from society
question what happened to tyrion and varys?
answer depressed
question what is tyrion's attitude to being confined in a box of some sort?
answer tyrion and varys
question who walk along the long bridge?
answer long bridge
question what bridge does tyrion and varys walk along?
answer foot
question how does tyrion get through volantis?
answer tattoos
question what do volantene slaves must sport?
answer observing the sermon of a red priestess
question what does varys find him doing?
answer thoros of myr
question who was the only red priest in king's landing?
answer dragon queen
question what prophesied savior does tyrion preach?
answer he finds that he can't bring himself to patronize her
question what happens to tyrion when he woos a prostitute?
answer urinate
question what do tyrion go to off the side of the bridge?
answer muffled whining
question what did tyrion do to jorah?
answer pleasantly surprised
question what is tyrion's reaction to jorah?
answer delivering him to daenerys
question what does tyrion believe he will earn a pardon for?
answer jorah and tyrion
question who travels through old valyria?
answer old valyria
question where are jorah and tyrion going to pass through?
answer ruins
question what is tyrion excited to see?
answer doom of valyria
question what did tyrion recites a poem about?
answer stone men
question who attacked tyrion?
answer a beach
question where does jorah rescue tyrion?
answer fishing village
question what village does jorah seek out to acquire another boat?
answer berries and roots
question what do jorah and tyrion only have to eat?
answer he actually fled from westeros because he killed his own father
question what did tyrion explain to jorah about his father's death?
answer screwing the woman he loved
question why did tyrion find his father?
answer despite how miserable jorah is now, at least he can say that he had a good father
question what does tyrion say about jeor mormont?
answer shocked
question what is jorah to realize he means that his father is dead?
answer apologetic
question what does tyrion become when he says he thought that jorah knew already?
answer mutiny
question what did tyrion say his father led an expedition beyond the wall?
answer silent grief
question how does jorah process his father's death?
answer slavers
question who captures jorah and tyrion?
answer malko
question who deems tyrion useless and orders his throat cut and his penis removed to be sold to a cock merchant?
answer comedic value
question why does yezzan buy tyrion?
answer jorah's gift
question tyrion reveals himself as what?
answer banishing him again
question why did tyrion convince her to spare him?
answer tyrion and daenerys
question who discussed family and politics?
answer varys convinced him that she may very well be the best monarch for the seven kingdoms
question why did tyrion admit he traveled to meereen?
answer to take him as an advisor on how to reclaim the iron throne
question what does daenerys decide to do to tyrion?
answer essos is not her home
question what does daenerys say she will stay in meereen to ensure there is no more slavery?
answer dragon back
question when daenerys flies off on drogon's back, tyrion is struck with awe as he watches her fly
answer daario and jorah
question who do tyrion sit in the throne room with in the aftermath of daenerys?
answer his little birds
question what did varys admit to finding daenerys?
answer winning daenerys's favor
question what did varys congratulate tyrion for?
answer political instability
question what does varys allude to in meereen?
answer bantering
question what do varys vow to help each other hold meereen together?
answer wholeheartedly
question what did tyrion admit he missed varys?
answer the great pyramid
question where is viserion and rhaegal located?
answer morose
question what does tyrion believe the dragons are in captivity?
answer drink and i know things
question what does missandei say about the dragons?
answer free them
question what do tyrion decide to do to the dragons?
answer viserion and rhaegal
question who do tyrion encounter for the first time?
answer drinking games
question what kind of games does tyrion try to pass the time with missandei and grey worm?
answer to intimidate the masters into backing down
question what does tyrion want to do with the sons of the harpy?
answer military force
question grey worm advocates using what?
answer yezzan zo qaggaz
question who is tyrion's former slave master?
answer dwarf slave
question who is tyrion?
answer slave-trading cities
question who offers to give daenerys and her allies a large amount of money and ships if they leave slaver's bay?
answer razdal
question who claims that slavery has existed in slaver's bay for centuries?
answer counter-offer
question what does tyrion propose to the slave masters?
answer seven-year
question how long is the time limit for slaver's bay?
answer their denial of it
question what do the sons of the harpy do regardless of?
answer they will not get a better offer
question what does tyrion warn the slaves of the harpy?
answer a trio of prostitutes and time to consider his offer
question what did tyrion give them at the conclusion of the meeting?
answer former slaves
question who confronts tyrion and his entourage in the meereen throne room?
answer rule the city in her absence while they wait
question what does tyrion insist he is doing his best to do?
answer grey worm and missandei
question who do the freedmen refuse to listen to for reassurance?
answer their misgivings
question what did the freedmen publicly back tyrion in front of the freedmen?
answer he cannot end slavery overnight
question what does tyrion assure missandei and grey worm that he is serving daenerys' interest by taking advantage of the masters'
answer they already do it for a living
question why does grey worm warn the slavers to take advantage of tyrion?
answer the freedmen or sons of the harpy
question who did tyrion have to convince the meereenese that everything has been done with daenerys' blessing?
answer high priestess of the red temple of volantis
question who is kinvara?
answer the prince that was promised
question what did kinvara believe daenerys was?
answer she will send the preachers and priests best suited to the task at hand
question what does kinvara assure tyrion of?
answer missandei and grey worm
question who did tyrion wish to celebrate with for the resurgence of meereen?
answer slaver ships
question who lay siege to the city?
answer wait until the slavers enter the great pyramid
question what does grey worm prefer to do to the unsullied?
answer movement on the roof
question what do the unsullied hear when they enter the great pyramid?
answer the masters' fleet
question who is responsible for the siege of meereen?
answer a different solution
question what does tyrion propose for king's landing?
answer drogon, viserion, and rhaegal
question who do dany orders to burn the slavers' fleet?
answer he spares yezzan
question what does tyrion order grey worm to kill the two slave masters?
answer dothraki horde
question what wipes out the resurgent sons of the harpy?
answer great pyramid
question where is tyrion present after the battle?
answer if the iron islands gain independence
question what does tyrion protest about the independence of the iron islands?
answer lack of sentimentality
question what do dany and tyrion discuss?
answer consoling
question what does tyrion say he is not good at?
answer bothered
question what does tyrion say she is more likely to let daario go than by the actual loss of the relationship?
answer hand of the queen
question what does daenerys name him?
answer near-tears
question where did tyrion kneel before daenerys?
answer armada
question what is the flagship of daenerys?
answer hand to daenerys
question what is the name of tyrion's appointment?
answer dorne and house tyrell
question who did varys secure the alliance of?
answer if she should fail
question what does daenerys request that varys not conspire against her?
answer daenerys' unsullied and dothraki
question who will not attack westeros?
answer ellaria, yara greyjoy and olenna
question who agree to follow tyrion's plan?
answer the bastard of winterfell
question what does tyrion call jon?
answer friendly barbs
question what kind of barbs do tyrion and davos exchange back and forth?
answer surrender their weapons
question what are jon and his party forced to do?
answer a group of daenerys' soldiers whisk away their boat
question what happens when the party is escorted towards the castle?
answer going south doesn't usually work out well for the starks
question what does tyrion believe would work out well for the starks?
answer the sudden shock
question what does jon take a moment to recover from?
answer both sides refuse to submit to the other's demands
question what is the meeting tense as both sides refuse to submit to the other's demands?
answer if there is something he can do to help
question what does tyrion ask jon?
answer underground tunnel
question what is the purpose of tyrion's plan to seize casterly rock?
answer targaryen ships
question what does euron's iron fleet attack?
answer varys and tyrion
question who inform daenerys that the unsullied succeeded in capturing casterly rock?
answer a castle with no supplies
question what has daenerys gained from the unsullied?
answer dorne, the iron islands (yara's forces), and now the reach
question what did tyrion blame tyrion for losing?
answer wanting to use a light hand against the lannisters
question why does tyrion accuse daenerys of losing dorne, the iron islands, and the reach?
answer sack of highgarden
question where did the lannister army win?
answer kneel or die
question what does daenerys offer to the surviving lannister and tarly men?
answer randyll
question who refuses tyrion's loyalty to cersei?
answer capturing a wight north of the wall
question what did tyrion suggest at daenerys' council meeting?
answer time short
question how long does tyrion make his way into the red keep?
answer secret sparring
question what kind of session does bronn arrange the meeting?
answer davos' companion
question who dispatches the two gold cloaks before the guards can arrest him?
answer yezzan
question who gave jorah the coin used to pay for him?
answer interrupts him
question what does daenerys say she doesn't want dany to be a hero?
answer drogo, daario naharis, jorah mormont and jon snow
question which men fell in love with dany?
answer sarcastically
question how does tyrion respond to jon snow?
answer as far as heroes go
question what does tyrion call jon too little for her?
answer brave
question what does daenerys say she knows tyrion?
answer the wight hunt
question what does daenerys say will happen if she meets cersei?
answer torture
question what would daenerys do to her first?
answer burn the city to the ground
question what do daenerys and tyrion vow to do if they go to the capital?
answer it would be better to build a new world without mass murder
question when daenerys asks him if they should lay a trap, what does tyrion say?
answer fear alone isn't the right way of ruling
question what does daenerys say is not the right way of ruling?
answer breaking the wheel
question what did tyrion promise to do to aegon targaryen?
answer she does not lose her temper
question what does daenerys respond to when she killed the tarlys?
answer think like them
question what is the only way to beat the tarlys?
answer dorne and highgarden
question who did daenerys remind him they lost?
answer the group knew the risk when they left
question who did tyrion claim did daenerys know when they left?
answer doing nothing
question what is the hardest thing to do if daenerys dies?
answer euron greyjoy's fleet
question what fleet did tyrion, varys, missandei, jon and davos nervously sail past?
answer the dragonpit
question where does tyrion lead the targaryen entourage?
answer tommen or myrcella
question who did tyrion believe no one would have touched while tywin was alive?
answer angered
question who does tyrion try to goad her into having him killed?
answer if she didn't expect anything to happen
question why did cersei refuse to give the order to ser gregor?
answer horror
question what did cersei feel when she saw the wight?
answer his brother and sister
question who joins tyrion's allies at the dragonpit?
answer political consequences
question what is tyrion concerned about for his queen?
answer lannister forces
question who did tyrion reveal they allied with to defeat the night king?
answer cersei wasn't sending her forces to assist them
question what did jaime realize when she arrives at winterfell?
answer drinking
question what do tyrion, podrick, jaime, brienne of tarth, tormund and davos seaworth do while preparing
answer double the price anyone paid to murder him
question how much did tyrion promise to kill him?
answer before the battle of king's landing
question when did tyrion secretly release jaime?
answer absolute horror
question how does tyrion stare at the destruction of king's landing?
answer hand of the queen brooch
question what is the name of the brooch that daenerys removes before throwing it away in disgust?
answer arrested
question who does daenerys order?
answer traumas
question what did tyrion try to reason out varys's actions?
answer i love her too, but not as successfully as you, but i believed in her with all my heart
question what do tyrion tell him about daenerys?
answer love
question what is more powerful than reason?
answer duty
question what does tyrion say is the death of love?
answer his love for daenerys
question what does tyrion believe daenerys is the true heir to the throne?
answer his sisters
question what does tyrion remind jon of?
answer troubled
question what is jon's belief that daenerys will not bend the knee to daenerys?
answer end the war once and for all
question what does tyrion ask the gathering to do to the new monarch of the seven kingdoms?
answer heirs often don't make good kings
question what does tyrion say is for the better as heirs often don't make good kings?
answer atoning
question what does bran charge tyrion for his past mistakes in supporting and committing treason against bran's predecessor?
answer masters of war, laws and whisperers
question what is the name of the vacant positions that tyrion assures will be filled before the king goes away to find drogon?
answer rehabilitation of king's landing
question what are the primary tasks of tyrion?
answer a honeycomb and a jackass
question what did tyrion bring into a brothel?
answer sharp
question what type of intellect has tyrion committed himself to possess to help make up his dwarfism?
answer joffrey and cersei
question along with littlefinger and pycelle, what two players have tyrion gotten the better of?
answer brush off others' japes
question what is tyrion able to do about his short stature?
answer wear it like armor
question what does tyrion's bastard status mean?
answer a saddle designed for the crippled bran stark allowing him to ride
question what has tyrion shown his fellow outcasts kindness?
answer physically weak
question how is tyrion upset when the helpless are harmed?
answer love and respect
question tyrion is genuinely loyal to those who treat him with what?
answer crimes
question what did tyrion consider the red wedding events?
answer eunuch varys
question who is the master of whisperers?
answer extreme reputations
question what was the reason tyrion and varys were wary of each other at first?
answer faults
question what is tyrion not without?
answer wine or beer
question what will tyrion quickly find when he's stressed, upset or uncomfortable?
answer love and acceptance
question what does tyrion crave because his father and sister treated him like a social leper?
answer thinly veil
question what does tywin's family do to him?
answer joanna
question who was the only person tywin ever loved?
answer his inflexibility and unwillingness to show any love for his children
question tywin hates tyrion for what?
answer physical disability
question what is the embarrassment that tyrion was born with?
answer tyrion killed their father
question what happened to tyrion's father?
answer mrycella
question who showed active care, affection, love and worry for tyrion?
answer affection and love
question what did tyrion reciprocate with his sister cersei?
answer military strategist and tactician
question what do tyrion's skills with political maneuvering, administration, and diplomacy differ from his father?
answer to make sure she doesn't become like her father
question what did tyrion try to do to daenerys?
answer less violent
question what does tyrion always want to do with matters?
answer mid-twenties
question when is tyrion in the a song of ice and fire novels?
answer peter dinklage
question who is four years older than lena headey?
answer disproportionate head
question what is tyrion described as having?
answer blonde and black
question what types of hairs does tyrion have when he lets his beard grow in?
answer maggy
question who wrote the prophecy about the valonqar?
answer targaryen princeling
question what was tyrion's dream of riding a dragon?
answer gerion and tygett
question who were tyrion's uncles?
answer idle tales
question what are most of tyrion's accounts about dragons?
answer the sellsword griff
question who orders tyrion to set down all he knows of dragonlore?
answer daenerys and her dragons
question who did tyrion think about meeting?
answer battle of the green fork
question at what battle is tyrion not knocked out by his own men?
answer great adversity
question what kind of adversity does tyrion hold at the battle of the green fork?
answer acting hand
question what is tyrion's role in the battle of the green fork?
answer eddard's murder
question what happened to jaime in the battle of the green fork?
answer ser jacelyn bywater or ironhand
question who becomes their new commander when tyrion relieves janos slynt of command of the gold cloaks?
answer four men
question how many men have tyrion sent to break jaime out?
answer a secret tunnel
question what does tyrion use from a brothel to approach shae?
answer the wildfire
question what is the most important of the defenses for the city that tyrion builds?
answer the battle of blackwater
question in what book is tyrion's nose cut off by ser mandon moore's sword swipe?
answer green sock
question what would i wear for the next few years?
answer digital artist
question who would have a lot of work on their hands?
answer a really good solution
question what did the digital artist come up with in the book's version of the battle of blackwater?
answer jokingly pretending that board was held too close and cut his nose off
question what did dinklage start doing when a stage hand closes the clapperboard?
answer blooper reel
question in what reel did dinklage start pretending that board was held too close and cut his nose off?
answer oberyn martell
question who is killed and tyrion is sentenced to death?
answer a feast for crows
question what is the fourth book of tyrion's book?
answer bounty hunters
question who kills several innocent dwarfs?
answer oppo
question what dwarf performed at joffrey's wedding?
answer jon connington and aegon targaryen
question who are griff and aegon targaryen?
answer if aegon appears before her like that
question what does tyrion believe aegon will look like a beggar?
answer connington
question who rescues tyrion?
answer penny
question who is one of the dwarfs who performed at joffrey's wedding?
answer moqorro
question who is the red priest of volantis?
answer storm
question in what storm is the ship badly damaged?
answer slave traders
question who captures the passengers of the ship after floating for days?
answer tyrion and penny
question who are sold to yezzan zo qaggaz?
answer cyvasse
question what board game does tyrion impress yezzan?
answer unknowingly saving tyrion's life
question what did daenerys do to the slave masters?
answer the camp of the second sons
question where does tyrion escape with jorah and penny?
answer george r. r. martin
question who has confirmed that tyrion and daenerys will meet face to face in the winds of winter?
answer kinslaying
question what taboo did tyrion loathe joffrey?
answer good terms
question what have tyrion and jaime always been on?
answer toys, barrel hoops, blocks and a carved wooden lion
question what did jaime bring when tyrion was small?
answer pony
question what was tyrion's first pony?
answer teer-ee-un lan-iss-ter
question what is tyrion lannister pronounced?
answer ser jaime lannister
question who is ser barristan selmy?
answer lord petyr baelish
question what is the name of lord mace tyrell?
answer lord renly baratheon
question who is the name of the man?
answer davos seaworth
question what is the name of the seaworth?
